# Sync Up
**Meeting ID**: 01JSM26H3CXB0N9PB8Y622PJ92
**Date**: 2025-04-24
**Duration**: 11.359999656677246 minutes
**Transcript**: [View Transcript](https://app.fireflies.ai/view/01JSM26H3CXB0N9PB8Y622PJ92)
**Participants**: mcalcetero@alleatogroup.com

## Transcript
**Mcalcetero**: Yeah, I can hear you now.
**Mcalcetero**: How are you?
**Speaker 1**: All right, doing well.
**Speaker 1**: Hold on, let me use the restroom real quick.
**Mcalcetero**: Take your time.
**Speaker 1**: Okay.
**Speaker 1**: All right, so yeah, I wanted to just kind of sync up a little bit here.
**Speaker 1**: So.
**Speaker 1**: So one thing like, so as, as we're.
**Speaker 1**: As you're doing my calendar and stuff, I want to like try to start to like.
**Speaker 1**: Have you got a chance to start listening to that book yet?
**Mcalcetero**: No, I'm finishing the other one, but I have to start with that one.
**Mcalcetero**: The one that you suggested?
**Speaker 1**: Yeah, yeah.
**Speaker 1**: Buy vector time.
**Speaker 1**: So, so I want to make sure that we block out, you know, like I don't want to have really any meetings, you know, until 9:00am the earliest.
**Mcalcetero**: Okay.
**Speaker 1**: And then I'd like to avoid meetings after.
**Speaker 1**: Like I want my la.
**Speaker 1**: I don't want anything to go past 4:00pm so.
**Mcalcetero**: Okay.
**Speaker 1**: Three or 3:30.
**Speaker 1**: So like, you know, after, like, so come 4:00 I want to have anything on my calendar.
**Mcalcetero**: Sounds good.
**Speaker 1**: And then I want to set up like, like a weekly meeting with like.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah, obviously we already do the one with marketing.
**Speaker 1**: I want to.
**Speaker 1**: And we do one with the company ops.
**Speaker 1**: I want one with accounting.
**Mcalcetero**: Okay.
**Speaker 1**: Know, so they can update me on what are the issues where we're at.
**Speaker 1**: Like, you know, it should just be again them updating me and me asking questions.
**Speaker 1**: So if you can get that, you know, penciled in bi weekly.
**Mcalcetero**: You want it.
**Speaker 1**: Let's do, let's do weekly for now.
**Mcalcetero**: Okay.
**Mcalcetero**: So accounting, weekly meetings.
**Mcalcetero**: Okay.
**Speaker 1**: And you, you can be in that too.
**Speaker 1**: That way like you know, tracking and stuff like that.
**Speaker 1**: Like, and then you know, I don't know where like if you have like your like task list or how you're tracking kind of what, what the things are but like if that's in notion or somewhere that way we can, you know, I can clearly see like what's, hey, where's our open items?
**Speaker 1**: What's the movement like?
**Speaker 1**: Okay.
**Speaker 1**: And then you and I probably need to do like probably I guess sync up like this maybe like let's do like start off like two days a week just you know, so you can kind of go through and basically update me, ask any questions because you know, also too like you having access to my email, like being able to, to as stuff comes through.
**Mcalcetero**: Yeah.
**Speaker 1**: Filter it accordingly, like respond if necessary and then you know, put things in front of me and if you start to, you can start to learn how I respond to things and then you can respond as me like, you know.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah, again that, that book has a great thing where like, you know, his, his, his admin will be like, you know, hey, this is, you know, whatever Britney, you know, he, blah, blah, blah.
**Speaker 1**: He's not, you know, available.
**Speaker 1**: I thought you'd want a rapid response.
**Speaker 1**: So I was trying to put something out, something along those lines.
**Speaker 1**: I can't remember exactly what it is.
**Mcalcetero**: Okay.
**Speaker 1**: But that way things don't, things don't get missed.
**Speaker 1**: And like, especially like when I like we have like clients that email me, I want to make sure I don't miss that stuff or like deliverables, that stuff can get flagged.
**Speaker 1**: Like I try to, I try to set up some rules to where if it has like a customer tag, like so for instance of Cart or Goodwill or somebody, like any of our clients, they email me, it shows that like a customer tag.
**Speaker 1**: So that way it can, it can get flagged or whatever.
**Speaker 1**: I know I need to respond to that.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah, starting to identify that because like I know, you know, like for instance, I got on my thing today.
**Speaker 1**: Like I haven't sent that proposal to Derek for Harrisburg, you know, and I know I, I got a call yesterday from Zion saying, hey, I sent you this project to look at.
**Speaker 1**: Like, you know, we don't got anything, you know, so.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah.
**Speaker 1**: So I just want to try to avoid that stuff.
**Mcalcetero**: Sounds good.
**Speaker 1**: How are you doing?
**Mcalcetero**: Oh, good.
**Mcalcetero**: What else?
**Mcalcetero**: Now that I have you here.
**Mcalcetero**: So yesterday everything is done with the New Jersey business register.
**Mcalcetero**: So that's good.
**Mcalcetero**: Still waiting on the 2023 agreement, lease agreements of the truck.
**Mcalcetero**: So if you can send those, if you can find them.
**Speaker 1**: Purchase agreement, we don't have lease agreements for those.
**Mcalcetero**: Okay.
**Mcalcetero**: So we have a meeting with them today so we can just let them know.
**Speaker 1**: So yeah, I've got, I've got a.
**Speaker 1**: On my.
**Speaker 1**: One of my things today is to look for the purchase agreements.
**Mcalcetero**: Okay.
**Mcalcetero**: So we can let them know today.
**Mcalcetero**: Other than that.
**Mcalcetero**: Doing good, Jack.
**Mcalcetero**: Send me some videos.
**Mcalcetero**: I'm going to do the post right now.
**Mcalcetero**: Also, some of the things that you don't reply for social media take care of, for example, Annie, Car, Victoria, you know, like they're waiting on your approval.
**Mcalcetero**: So I'm like, it's okay guys, just go ahead if this is okay or good.
**Mcalcetero**: And then what else?
**Mcalcetero**: Other than that, we're good.
**Mcalcetero**: Yeah, we have installation Internet Monday.
**Mcalcetero**: So I already sent that to Jesse and Nick that they're going to be there.
**Mcalcetero**: Just making sure that makes sense for them as well.
**Speaker 1**: You need to make sure you get all the payment information over to accounting so that they notice to be sending A check every month.
**Speaker 1**: And then I, I already cut that one check out of our cash, cashier's check yesterday.
**Speaker 1**: So let them know that that's, you know, what that's for, so they can code it appropriately.
**Mcalcetero**: Perfect.
**Mcalcetero**: So I will.
**Mcalcetero**: And then that's it.
**Mcalcetero**: To be honest, I mean, everything that's done also with some changes also in notion, you know, Megan helped me with some things when we moved from the.
**Mcalcetero**: There was a problem moving from the current project to the estimating.
**Mcalcetero**: So now that's fixed, so that's good.
**Mcalcetero**: And then, yeah, just asking the guys for the videos.
**Mcalcetero**: I asked Candon and Nick, but they're not on site today.
**Mcalcetero**: I don't think they're going to get back to site, to be honest.
**Mcalcetero**: Nick was just like, I don't think we have to go back.
**Mcalcetero**: So I don't think we're gonna have like, we have pictures, but they are like very old pictures and nothing creative.
**Mcalcetero**: So I want to check if they can go back or if they have a new project set that they can work on.
**Speaker 1**: I mean, we don't have any.
**Speaker 1**: We gotta have some.
**Speaker 1**: We don't have any good pictures that we can post on either job.
**Mcalcetero**: I mean, we can, I can check.
**Mcalcetero**: But the things that I saw from the Aspire one, it was just like, you know, piles of.
**Mcalcetero**: How do you call it in English?
**Mcalcetero**: Like those big little plastic things that you carry the trash, like the cardboard stuff.
**Speaker 1**: I thought that, I thought he had some good pictures.
**Speaker 1**: I saw like Candon had.
**Speaker 1**: I.
**Speaker 1**: I double check.
**Speaker 1**: I think he's got more because I'm pretty sure I saw some on our, our weekly report.
**Mcalcetero**: Okay, sounds good.
**Speaker 1**: And then I think I told him, take videos and stuff too.
**Speaker 1**: So.
**Mcalcetero**: Okay, perfect.
**Mcalcetero**: So I'll check that and I'll check on the folder.
**Mcalcetero**: And then Chat sent me a nice drones video for the Westfield Collective, so he's working on that as well.
**Mcalcetero**: So I'm going to post it all.
**Mcalcetero**: That one too.
**Mcalcetero**: And then, yeah, just asking the guys also to send me context every time they post something, because sometimes they just send it and I'm like, okay, but you know, like, what are they doing here?
**Mcalcetero**: Like, what is the update too?
**Mcalcetero**: So they kind of give me like one to three bullet points that we can put Boost post on Instagram and LinkedIn.
**Mcalcetero**: And then I ask, are they, are.
**Speaker 1**: They ccing you on all the weekly reports?
**Mcalcetero**: Yes, I'm looking at them.
**Mcalcetero**: Yes.
**Mcalcetero**: Every time they send me, I'm looking at those.
**Mcalcetero**: And then I'm going to ask Annika and Victoria then to keep posting on LinkedIn about these two, because I know they are in charge of that one.
**Mcalcetero**: So I want to make sure that if I created videos and everything, and I'll just let them know.
**Mcalcetero**: Posted the weekly, you know, about this project, so we can have that.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah.
**Speaker 1**: And you have access to LinkedIn too, don't you?
**Mcalcetero**: I do, but the last time I posted something, Annika was a little bit like, can you let us know on time so we're not mixing up engagement?
**Mcalcetero**: I'm like, okay, I get it.
**Mcalcetero**: You lay.
**Mcalcetero**: Start doing LinkedIn.
**Mcalcetero**: So it's fine.
**Speaker 1**: Well, that's.
**Speaker 1**: That's fine.
**Speaker 1**: I mean, you can, you know, you can say, hey, I'm gonna post these project updates.
**Speaker 1**: Here are the posts I'm gonna post them on these days.
**Speaker 1**: And that way they know.
**Speaker 1**: I just, you know, I don't want to sit here and be waiting.
**Speaker 1**: Like, I want.
**Speaker 1**: I want it to be relevant.
**Speaker 1**: People will be seen.
**Mcalcetero**: Yeah.
**Speaker 1**: You know, hey, progress on different jobs.
**Speaker 1**: Because, I mean, here we are, we've done two Aspire Health jobs in Florida and nobody knows about it, you know, so I.
**Speaker 1**: I want to, you know, again, doesn't have to be anything elaborate.
**Speaker 1**: It's just simple, like, you know, project updates, like, you know, making progress on.
**Speaker 1**: Blah, blah.
**Mcalcetero**: Yep.
**Mcalcetero**: No, and I will, I will give Annika and Victoria the heads up.
**Mcalcetero**: I'll be like, hey, ladies, I'm just going to start posting these on LinkedIn.
**Mcalcetero**: So you guys know, because I know they're doing it, but it's fine.
**Mcalcetero**: So I'll do that.
**Mcalcetero**: And then other than that, no, let me check my notes.
**Mcalcetero**: No, I think we're good.
**Mcalcetero**: I'm helping accounting with some things that they need right now.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah, Accounting should have sent you our wiring information.
**Speaker 1**: And I told him, I said it needs to be a PDF and on our letterhead so I can send that out to clients so we can get paid.
**Mcalcetero**: So I'll send it right now to them.
**Mcalcetero**: That's done.
**Mcalcetero**: Payroll was approved.
**Mcalcetero**: They actually had the per DMS and everything.
**Mcalcetero**: So that's good.
**Mcalcetero**: Yeah, everything is good.
**Mcalcetero**: So nothing weird that I saw on the payroll or anything.
**Mcalcetero**: Now everything seems on schedule, so that's good.
**Speaker 1**: Okay, awesome.
**Mcalcetero**: Cool.
**Mcalcetero**: Okay, perfect.
**Mcalcetero**: Yeah.
**Mcalcetero**: If you need me, call me, text me, whatever.
**Mcalcetero**: I'm always available.
**Speaker 1**: Okay, awesome.
**Speaker 1**: Thank you.
**Mcalcetero**: Appreciate it.
**Mcalcetero**: Thank you.
**Mcalcetero**: I'll send these meetings.
**Mcalcetero**: Okay.
**Mcalcetero**: With accounting and then you and I and the rest.
**Mcalcetero**: Sounds good.
**Speaker 1**: Sounds good.
**Speaker 1**: See you.