# Huddle
**Meeting ID**: 01K1NDTEF89PX9G7DNZJ49HBC8
**Date**: 2025-08-04
**Duration**: 58.790000915527344 minutes
**Transcript**: [View Transcript](https://app.fireflies.ai/view/01K1NDTEF89PX9G7DNZJ49HBC8)
**Participants**: ahuettl@alleatogroup.com, jdawson@alleatogroup.com, bclymer@alleatogroup.com

## Transcript
**Ahuettl**: Alex getting on?
**Jdawson**: It's pretty busy right now, man.
**Jdawson**: We got eight guys on Neiman's, so maybe you want to talk about Neiman, Come over there.
**Ahuettl**: What's going on, aj?
**Jdawson**: Hey, sorry.
**Jdawson**: I was just talking with Brandon.
**Jdawson**: We were both in there, but Alex can't get on it.
**Jdawson**: So we were talking about all the stuff.
**Ahuettl**: So like, he just isn't looking at the drawings again?
**Jdawson**: No, nothing happened.
**Ahuettl**: We missed a bunch of outlets.
**Jdawson**: No, he didn't.
**Bclymer**: He didn't.
**Jdawson**: Those are existing walls, Deem just.
**Jdawson**: Dean has to cut in ring and strings for him.
**Jdawson**: They're not missed.
**Jdawson**: We just haven't been able to get an electrician over there.
**Jdawson**: So they're not done yet.
**Jdawson**: I. I had it.
**Jdawson**: I already met with Alex on this on Wednesday before I left for Dallas.
**Ahuettl**: So when is Dean getting over there?
**Ahuettl**: Do you know?
**Jdawson**: I. Brandon called Brendan today, so I'm hoping that lights a fire under him.
**Bclymer**: But.
**Jdawson**: No, I know, I know Alex is tracking on him because we did that.
**Jdawson**: These guys are engineers, right?
**Jdawson**: So they're like every morning looking at this job, which we knew was gonna happen.
**Bclymer**: Yeah.
**Jdawson**: And so Mark was like, hey.
**Ahuettl**: Which that.
**Jdawson**: That's fine.
**Bclymer**: That.
**Jdawson**: That material, by the way, Brendan said it was.
**Jdawson**: It's all readily available, so I don't know where it's.
**Jdawson**: Because, well, Alex was telling me the reason it's not here is because that's what I was there when they told us that.
**Jdawson**: Like, I was.
**Jdawson**: Alex isn't lying.
**Jdawson**: He has been on these guys, Brendan has.
**Jdawson**: They have not taken applied seriously or foundations.
**Jdawson**: I know for a fact they up in Dallas and they're like, they.
**Jdawson**: They won too much work and they don't have enough electricians.
**Jdawson**: Well, I meet with Chad and they.
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Jdawson**: And then.
**Jdawson**: And they were, you know, they were messing up in Dallas or in Avon for three weeks until like material wasn't showing up.
**Jdawson**: I was telling JP one thing and he was like.
**Jdawson**: JP was like, dude, you know, like, he's like, just tell me you don't know.
**Jdawson**: I was like, I don't like telling you I don't know.
**Jdawson**: But I don't know because I was like, I can't, you know.
**Jdawson**: Brendan and Robert didn't answer their phone for a week.
**Jdawson**: Something happened with Robert's wife and no one told anyone.
**Jdawson**: And like, at least that's what they were telling me.
**Jdawson**: But I've had.
**Jdawson**: I mean, I've told you, I've had multiple conversations with Brian.
**Jdawson**: I was like, dude, the next step is like, I have to tell.
**Jdawson**: I was like, I don't like the tattletale.
**Jdawson**: But I have to tell Brandon.
**Jdawson**: And then Brandon calls Chad.
**Jdawson**: Like, no one wants that because I don't like it when people do that to me.
**Jdawson**: So we haven't had.
**Jdawson**: We haven't had one electrician on applied, Brandon.
**Jdawson**: It's all been service guys.
**Jdawson**: It's like pulling teeth.
**Jdawson**: The difference is a different guy every day and you can't like, gotcha.
**Jdawson**: You need an electrician there that's gonna just knock it out.
**Jdawson**: So these things are like, when we were there Wednesday, I was like, so we got a hole in the wall right now, and we already finished drywall.
**Jdawson**: So Superior's got to come back.
**Jdawson**: And it's not mission critical.
**Jdawson**: I think I know we're doing well, like, as far as timeline goes on the job.
**Jdawson**: But it's definitely of concern if team keeps doing this.
**Jdawson**: Like, I don't know how they're doing out at collect.
**Jdawson**: How is moving, Jesse?
**Ahuettl**: It's a good workout.
**Ahuettl**: Lots of steps.
**Ahuettl**: I got.
**Ahuettl**: I think I did probably 130 flights of stairs carrying no elevator.
**Ahuettl**: She's on the.
**Ahuettl**: She moved out of a second floor apartment into a second floor apartment in a house.
**Ahuettl**: At least the second one was a straight stair going up in there.
**Ahuettl**: The switchbacks are fun with mattresses and stuff.
**Ahuettl**: Good.
**Ahuettl**: So did you get.
**Ahuettl**: I don't see.
**Ahuettl**: I didn't see a building for Danville Theater.
**Jdawson**: He's got to Send me his W9.
**Jdawson**: I'm supposed to send it to me today.
**Ahuettl**: W9 from the owner.
**Jdawson**: But I don't know what entity he wants me to bill it to.
**Ahuettl**: So.
**Jdawson**: Tracking on it all.
**Jdawson**: All right, Just give me some time then.
**Ahuettl**: Is Applied Engineering.
**Ahuettl**: Is that billing that's out?
**Jdawson**: It's out the door.
**Jdawson**: Accounting sent me a couple invoices to send out, so I got them all done besides Danville.
**Jdawson**: But I texted Bill on Saturday.
**Jdawson**: I said, hey, I need that so I can send you a bill.
**Jdawson**: He goes, oh, no.
**Jdawson**: Okay.
**Ahuettl**: See what he says?
**Ahuettl**: And so is like the radio.
**Ahuettl**: Avon.
**Ahuettl**: There's one billing in Job Planner.
**Jdawson**: There should be two.
**Ahuettl**: Well, the two, but I mean, there was three different invoices that you invoice separately.
**Jdawson**: I have to invoice a separate.
**Jdawson**: So like, for each change order, I get a separate P.O.
**Jdawson**: it's so annoying.
**Ahuettl**: But it's all so.
**Jdawson**: So what I do is I do.
**Ahuettl**: The one billing, though, that you Job Planner.
**Jdawson**: What I do is a summary.
**Jdawson**: That's my summary sheet.
**Jdawson**: Because I don't send in that AIA document to them.
**Jdawson**: I have to send an actual invoice yeah, Accounting creates for me that references the po.
**Jdawson**: So I send them like three invoices for different pos and then one summary document.
**Bclymer**: Okay.
**Jdawson**: Did I not enter it as that?
**Jdawson**: Because that's how I got my.
**Jdawson**: My amount.
**Ahuettl**: Yeah, it's the total one amount.
**Ahuettl**: I just didn't get a calculator out and see if they added up.
**Ahuettl**: They all add up to that.
**Jdawson**: Yeah, they do.
**Jdawson**: And I'm, I'm.
**Jdawson**: I started working on those.
**Jdawson**: I'm not going to give any excuses.
**Ahuettl**: So.
**Ahuettl**: Okay, so then.
**Bclymer**: Forum.
**Ahuettl**: Dayo.
**Jdawson**: Yeah, I've already sent them two bills.
**Ahuettl**: This month.
**Jdawson**: I sent them two this month.
**Jdawson**: So we're caught up to date there.
**Ahuettl**: Oh, there was none last month, but two this month.
**Bclymer**: Mm.
**Jdawson**: Because they.
**Jdawson**: I. I had to send them a bill last week to end their fiscal year.
**Jdawson**: Then I'll bill in full here in August once we get that path done.
**Ahuettl**: Billing to total is 68.
**Ahuettl**: 693.
**Ahuettl**: 94 so far.
**Bclymer**: Mm.
**Jdawson**: I'm almost all done with applied, so you can look at that finish.
**Jdawson**: Neiman's here before lunch.
**Ahuettl**: I thought I already seen that go out.
**Ahuettl**: He said he's gonna.
**Jdawson**: Oh, I sent the bill.
**Jdawson**: I just didn't get the PSR done for you.
**Ahuettl**: All these other PSRs are done.
**Ahuettl**: No.
**Ahuettl**: Have you talked to to.
**Ahuettl**: Have you talked to Alec on any of these?
**Jdawson**: I haven't, Jesse.
**Jdawson**: I back late to Thursday from Dallas.
**Jdawson**: Then I had to stay up late to get that proposal out for.
**Jdawson**: For Kebba Friday.
**Jdawson**: I was dragging ass.
**Ahuettl**: Okay, so there are Quorumdale Weekly report that went out.
**Jdawson**: Yeah, Alex was supposed to put it together.
**Jdawson**: I didn't look and see if he sent it out yet.
**Jdawson**: Oh, I'm buckling down here.
**Jdawson**: Got a lot to do.
**Ahuettl**: Well, if you're doing one, you might as well call Alec and just have.
**Bclymer**: Him.
**Ahuettl**: Just be on a computer with you as you're doing it, and then he can understand about the job and do it next month.
**Ahuettl**: And this Ulta Retro like this I don't see.
**Ahuettl**: Is there a job in here for that one?
**Jdawson**: And where and what job?
**Ahuettl**: Retrofitting H Vac?
**Ahuettl**: I thought that was a job directly with them.
**Jdawson**: Well, it's under.
**Jdawson**: It's in Procore.
**Jdawson**: I have two.
**Jdawson**: I have two prime contracts in there.
**Ahuettl**: That's Procore.
**Jdawson**: That budget's all the way screwed up.
**Jdawson**: Accounting's been entering stuff and they.
**Jdawson**: They like added line items.
**Bclymer**: I know.
**Jdawson**: I'm waiting for them to reply to my.
**Ahuettl**: So it's the invoice.
**Ahuettl**: The 295 was sent this month.
**Jdawson**: Yeah, that was for the then I'm almost building full.
**Jdawson**: I'm 98.5% built on the main one.
**Jdawson**: What'd you say, Brandon?
**Jdawson**: That's what I'm doing.
**Jdawson**: I'm doing them right now.
**Jdawson**: I'm getting applied done.
**Ahuettl**: So this billing doesn't split up and make one general conditions.
**Jdawson**: Which are you talking?
**Ahuettl**: The Ulta one.
**Bclymer**: Weird.
**Ahuettl**: The second prime contract.
**Ahuettl**: Why is it so it.
**Ahuettl**: There's two prime contracts but one budget.
**Jdawson**: Yeah, I mean that's the way it's supposed to be to track it for the whole job, just billing separate people.
**Bclymer**: Right.
**Jdawson**: Cost us money to create it.
**Ahuettl**: But why didn't we make that this job in two shop planner?
**Jdawson**: Because I have the same contractors.
**Jdawson**: I mean it was gonna have to be.
**Jdawson**: I wrote change orders to my subcontractors for it so I didn't have to get up, write a bunch of new contracts.
**Jdawson**: I already had them contracted.
**Bclymer**: Okay.
**Bclymer**: It.
**Ahuettl**: I think we send a weekly report on that.
**Ahuettl**: Let's get something candid.
**Ahuettl**: Can do.
**Ahuettl**: Yeah.
**Jdawson**: I need to call candidacy.
**Jdawson**: Is he back?
**Ahuettl**: Yeah, he went over to Little.
**Jdawson**: We left it at.
**Jdawson**: I ended up meeting with the fire marshal.
**Jdawson**: He's gonna give us our temporary CFO while the paperwork catches up for the fire alarm.
**Jdawson**: So it was a successful mission down there.
**Jdawson**: But I would like Canon to be around for the fire marshal walk.
**Ahuettl**: Which is when?
**Jdawson**: Wednesday morning.
**Ahuettl**: Yeah, send him out there.
**Ahuettl**: And the Memphis too.
**Ahuettl**: Was that billing that was sent out last week, right?
**Jdawson**: Yeah, that was sent out.
**Jdawson**: No, he's getting us paid.
**Ahuettl**: Yeah.
**Ahuettl**: Where was that invoice that was made out?
**Ahuettl**: That was from job planner.
**Jdawson**: I'm not sure if I logged it in.
**Jdawson**: Job planner?
**Jdawson**: Jesse just told him how much it was for.
**Bclymer**: Let me look.
**Ahuettl**: Yeah, there's no invoices.
**Ahuettl**: Schedule of values.
**Ahuettl**: It's 9 million.
**Ahuettl**: Still need to go in.
**Jdawson**: You want me to change it to just 110,000 for design?
**Bclymer**: Well, you need.
**Ahuettl**: Yeah.
**Ahuettl**: Were there any GCs in that or is it just the design costs?
**Jdawson**: I sent him just a proposal for design.
**Ahuettl**: So whatever that is that he wrote the PO for should be this budget.
**Ahuettl**: Otherwise no one will know.
**Ahuettl**: It's going to look like we got a $9 million project that's overbuilt.
**Bclymer**: Yep.
**Bclymer**: All right.
**Bclymer**: Okay.
**Ahuettl**: All right.
**Jdawson**: Were you coming to town?
**Ahuettl**: Get in tonight around 10pm we got that goodwill meeting in the morning, so we'll be there tomorrow.
**Bclymer**: Okay.
**Bclymer**: All right.
**Bclymer**: All right.
**Jdawson**: I got my work cut out for me.
**Bclymer**: I'll talk.
**Jdawson**: Talk at you later.
**Bclymer**: All right.
**Bclymer**: Yep.
**Ahuettl**: There.
**Bclymer**: Tap.
**Bclymer**: Okay.
**Ahuettl**: What was the Permanent one again.
**Bclymer**: Okay.
**Ahuettl**: Nice.
**Ahuettl**: Yeah, I just got one number to add in here, but we'll be almost 4 million building this month.
**Bclymer**: Right?
**Bclymer**: Hello?
**Ahuettl**: Yeah.
**Ahuettl**: At least it's a little more spread out than last month.
**Ahuettl**: 611 jobs built last month.
**Ahuettl**: Well, I have 15 this month, so I'll give Ronnie a call this morning.
**Ahuettl**: What they're thinking right down here like 1:30, I think.
**Bclymer**: I don't know.
**Ahuettl**: Just depends.
**Ahuettl**: Like the good PMs that have been working a while company or is it trying to get, you know, lure them away from a company they're comfortable with?
**Bclymer**: Right.
**Bclymer**: Yeah.
**Ahuettl**: That seems.
**Ahuettl**: Doesn't seem as bad.
**Ahuettl**: Yeah, for sure.
**Ahuettl**: So they're meeting this Wednesday board to review the Paradise.
**Bclymer**: Okay.
**Bclymer**: Yep.
**Ahuettl**: Yeah, I asked him to get with him today just as he's doing the PSRs.
**Ahuettl**: He can be on a meeting.
**Ahuettl**: Do it with him.
**Ahuettl**: Help out with all that buildings next month, get everything in on time.
**Ahuettl**: Are we driving?
**Ahuettl**: What time we leaving for the Goodwill thing tomorrow?
**Ahuettl**: We're gonna go to the office first and head up there.
**Bclymer**: Then.
**Ahuettl**: Traffic was hot, so for the port collective.
**Bclymer**: Now, that.
**Ahuettl**: Budget we sent over, did you have to redo that or did you send that?
**Ahuettl**: Just send it to Mike.
**Bclymer**: Right.
**Bclymer**: What is.
**Bclymer**: Yeah.
**Ahuettl**: I'll check with much else we got.
**Ahuettl**: Supposed to come in with the new job?
**Ahuettl**: Yeah, it would be.
**Ahuettl**: Is that with what was can do at the end that the like Westfield after like what became due the first of this month?
**Ahuettl**: Is Mike getting his hands on all of that right off the bat or just part of it?
**Ahuettl**: Okay, well, I'll call Ronnie right now.
**Ahuettl**: See.
**Bclymer**: Sa you're trying to read it.