# Huddle
**Meeting ID**: 01K1DPMV3FJ3DBBPF9SQBNEPS6
**Date**: 2025-08-01
**Duration**: 10.510000228881836 minutes
**Transcript**: [View Transcript](https://app.fireflies.ai/view/01K1DPMV3FJ3DBBPF9SQBNEPS6)
**Participants**: ahuettl@alleatogroup.com, jdawson@alleatogroup.com, bclymer@alleatogroup.com

## Transcript
**Ahuettl**: Hey, how are you doing?
**Jdawson**: Well.
**Jdawson**: How are you?
**Ahuettl**: Rocking and rolling.
**Jdawson**: Beard looks nice.
**Ahuettl**: It's getting too long.
**Ahuettl**: I need to trim this.
**Jdawson**: How are things going at Neiman?
**Ahuettl**: Well, here we go.
**Ahuettl**: Framing is done.
**Bclymer**: I can't believe they got all that framing done that quick.
**Bclymer**: Good for them.
**Ahuettl**: Yeah.
**Jdawson**: Who's doing the framing?
**Ahuettl**: Superior.
**Bclymer**: Superior.
**Ahuettl**: They're awesome.
**Ahuettl**: They did it in two days, including getting the materials delivered.
**Ahuettl**: So I got temp lights going up.
**Ahuettl**: They're gonna start taking down these lights.
**Ahuettl**: H VAC is here.
**Ahuettl**: We're gonna spot the curb here in a second.
**Ahuettl**: Roofers are here too.
**Ahuettl**: So the two windows here, two windows here, that's happening Wednesday next week.
**Ahuettl**: And yeah, we're about to just.
**Ahuettl**: I don't have a portlet, but go to the.
**Ahuettl**: The grocery store one.
**Jdawson**: Why don't.
**Jdawson**: Why don't we have a portlet?
**Jdawson**: Why don't we have a port?
**Bclymer**: Yeah, we need to have a portal it.
**Ahuettl**: Okay, I'll.
**Ahuettl**: You want me to just put it by the dumpster zone?
**Ahuettl**: That's.
**Bclymer**: Yeah, it's where that lay down area.
**Bclymer**: Why I designated that lay down area.
**Ahuettl**: We.
**Bclymer**: So yeah, so we just got the permit on.
**Bclymer**: On Wednesday.
**Bclymer**: So is that.
**Bclymer**: Were you able to print that, Alex, or do I need to run it?
**Bclymer**: Run you over a print.
**Ahuettl**: I'm meeting Glenn here in a half an hour at Applied to get the generator out of the.
**Ahuettl**: The trailer.
**Ahuettl**: So you can take that up to Westfield Collective and then I'll be by the office to print that off.
**Jdawson**: Why don't you just have Gwen print it off and bring it to you?
**Ahuettl**: Nope, that works too, but I'm driving right by the office anyway.
**Jdawson**: Okay.
**Ahuettl**: Is he at the office?
**Ahuettl**: Yeah.
**Ahuettl**: Okay.
**Bclymer**: Alex, do you have a trailer hitch?
**Bclymer**: Yeah, now that we have that permit, Brandon was wanting us to get signs up, but we also parked that trailer in our lay down area right there because it's not doing us any good in the corner.
**Bclymer**: It applied.
**Ahuettl**: No, sure.
**Ahuettl**: In.
**Bclymer**: Are you cool with us keeping it parked at.
**Bclymer**: At Neiman, Brandon?
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Bclymer**: And Alex, I'm gonna bill in full for Coramdale, obviously, minus the path.
**Ahuettl**: Okay.
**Ahuettl**: What the hell just happened?
**Ahuettl**: You there?
**Ahuettl**: Yeah, yeah, I was getting a phone call.
**Ahuettl**: All right.
**Bclymer**: And then Brandon at Applied, we got ceiling grid going in, drywallers for the front entrance.
**Jdawson**: Yep.
**Ahuettl**: Those doors are out.
**Ahuettl**: I'm gonna.
**Jdawson**: So for the.
**Jdawson**: These meetings, the biggest thing is like, all right, you know, what are our rocks, right?
**Jdawson**: What do we have to move forward today?
**Jdawson**: What has to get done?
**Jdawson**: What is the critical items, you know, per project.
**Jdawson**: So, like, I come in here.
**Jdawson**: And I'm looking at your guys's notion for this.
**Jdawson**: For this job.
**Jdawson**: Okay?
**Jdawson**: And I see, you know, caramel permits, update schedule, concrete contract, masonry contract, owner billing, July psr.
**Jdawson**: So, aj, like, did you get the owner billing out yesterday?
**Ahuettl**: I'm.
**Bclymer**: I'm looking at it right now.
**Bclymer**: I'm about to send it out.
**Jdawson**: That would be a no.
**Bclymer**: Okay, well, which job are we talking about?
**Jdawson**: Neiman.
**Ahuettl**: Neiman.
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Jdawson**: So Neiman Holding.
**Jdawson**: So, owner billing.
**Jdawson**: Get that out.
**Jdawson**: July psr.
**Jdawson**: Get that done.
**Jdawson**: You need to follow up with Neiman about payment.
**Jdawson**: There's 60 days right now.
**Bclymer**: Yeah, I know that design one.
**Jdawson**: Did I say.
**Jdawson**: Yeah, 30 grand or whatever it is.
**Ahuettl**: Yeah.
**Jdawson**: Alex, we need an updated schedule.
**Ahuettl**: Okay.
**Ahuettl**: Okay.
**Jdawson**: You know, now it's done.
**Jdawson**: It is updated.
**Ahuettl**: Yeah, they did it on Wednesday.
**Jdawson**: Okay.
**Jdawson**: All right.
**Jdawson**: Then again, we need to you to need know, like, when you have these meetings, like, use the tools that we have, you know, pull this up, like, what are the tasks?
**Jdawson**: What has to get done?
**Jdawson**: Add new task, like, and track it accordingly.
**Jdawson**: Right?
**Jdawson**: So, like today, so, you know.
**Jdawson**: You know, aj, you've got those two.
**Jdawson**: What else?
**Jdawson**: Is there anything else critical?
**Bclymer**: No, we got the updated concrete number, so I'll get that contract out, but we're moving right along there.
**Jdawson**: Okay, so you've got psr, owner billing and concrete.
**Jdawson**: Concrete contract.
**Jdawson**: Yep.
**Jdawson**: All right, Alex, what are your critical things that have to get done to help move things forward?
**Ahuettl**: Just keep pushing the schedule, making sure people are here.
**Jdawson**: No, be specific.
**Jdawson**: There are items that have to get done.
**Jdawson**: Like, that's the point of this.
**Jdawson**: Like, start to look at.
**Bclymer**: Brandon, are you talking, like, on site items, even?
**Bclymer**: It could be.
**Ahuettl**: It.
**Jdawson**: Yeah, it doesn't matter.
**Jdawson**: Like what?
**Jdawson**: Like, look at the project, right?
**Jdawson**: What are critical things, right?
**Jdawson**: And then who's in charge of them, you know?
**Jdawson**: So, like, for you, you know, Alex, like, what is, you know.
**Jdawson**: All right, so get.
**Jdawson**: Get signed up.
**Jdawson**: Get a fucking portalette toilet.
**Jdawson**: Two things we just talked about that are critical, right?
**Jdawson**: So you see what I'm saying?
**Jdawson**: Like, those, those are things, like specific items that are measurable so that the next day you can say, all right, hey, what were these items?
**Jdawson**: Did you get them done?
**Jdawson**: Yes.
**Jdawson**: If not, why?
**Jdawson**: You know, because, like, again, the same thing, like, I, you know, I have lists every fucking day.
**Jdawson**: I fucking write my goals down every day.
**Jdawson**: And the things I'm.
**Jdawson**: I have to get done.
**Jdawson**: Like, that's how everybody should be doing this.
**Jdawson**: And then we're all holding each other accountable on, hey, man, what the fuck?
**Jdawson**: Why didn't you get this done.
**Bclymer**: Yeah.
**Jdawson**: At the end of the day, right, we're all.
**Jdawson**: You know, we're all in the same boat.
**Jdawson**: Like.
**Jdawson**: Like one.
**Jdawson**: One failure on one project is going to affect the whole company.
**Jdawson**: Right?
**Jdawson**: And so if we're all pushing each other, making each other better, then everybody's going to do better.
**Jdawson**: So, Alex, you've got, you know, moved over portalette, you know, and do we have an extra sign that we could put up?
**Ahuettl**: I don't have any here.
**Ahuettl**: I got one at.
**Ahuettl**: I mean, I got a couple of them at applied.
**Ahuettl**: I'll bring one from there.
**Jdawson**: Let me talk about exterior signage.
**Ahuettl**: Yeah, I got.
**Ahuettl**: I got the one that we had made for the Goodwill Excel Southeast thing.
**Ahuettl**: That metal one.
**Ahuettl**: I have that one.
**Ahuettl**: Okay.
**Jdawson**: Yeah, let's get.
**Ahuettl**: That's in the trailer.
**Ahuettl**: All right.
**Jdawson**: Yeah, let's get.
**Jdawson**: Get that mounted.
**Jdawson**: Anything else that's critical?
**Bclymer**: Alex, the only thing I really need is for you to run by Coram Deo as well and just log how the rain's looking for that path.
**Ahuettl**: Okay.
**Bclymer**: Obviously, we're not going to be able to put stone down today with how much rain we got, but I want to see how it's draining.
**Jdawson**: Who's in charge of doing the weekly for Neiman?
**Ahuettl**: All right.
**Ahuettl**: Mike, call me if you need anything.
**Ahuettl**: I gotta run.
**Ahuettl**: Call me if you need anything.
**Ahuettl**: You gotta run.
**Ahuettl**: Sorry.
**Jdawson**: You're charging.
**Jdawson**: Getting the weekly out for Neiman today?
**Ahuettl**: Yeah.
**Jdawson**: Okay, so that's your.
**Jdawson**: Your third thing, right?
**Jdawson**: You have to get done.
**Ahuettl**: Yeah.
**Jdawson**: Does this make sense how this format should be?
**Bclymer**: Yeah.
**Bclymer**: Brandon, we've never.
**Bclymer**: We've.
**Bclymer**: This is our first, like, huddle, huddle, actually.
**Bclymer**: So we both had.
**Bclymer**: Me.
**Bclymer**: I was in Dallas and.
**Bclymer**: And then we had meetings on the first one.
**Bclymer**: So Jesse told me to put this on the schedule.
**Bclymer**: I'm probably gonna invite Kevin and Alec here next week to it as well.
**Ahuettl**: Okay.
**Bclymer**: Okay.
**Jdawson**: All right.
**Bclymer**: My critical items today are getting all my billings out.
**Bclymer**: That's what I'm working on now.
**Bclymer**: And getting my budgets and PSRs done.
**Ahuettl**: Okay.
**Jdawson**: Any questions for me?
**Ahuettl**: Nope.
**Jdawson**: All right, sounds good.
**Jdawson**: Thank you.
**Bclymer**: See you.