# Daily TB
**Meeting ID**: 01K2WJ99FXSGH1RR8Y7W1FE2RR
**Date**: 2025-08-19
**Duration**: 29.15999984741211 minutes
**Transcript**: [View Transcript](https://app.fireflies.ai/view/01K2WJ99FXSGH1RR8Y7W1FE2RR)
**Participants**: jdawson@alleatogroup.com

## Transcript
**Jdawson**: I did.
**Jdawson**: Which one did you just do?
**Jdawson**: The Westfield.
**Speaker 1**: I did, yeah.
**Speaker 1**: Westfield.
**Speaker 1**: That was fine.
**Speaker 1**: They're having a little hold up with the Masons, but nothing to worry about.
**Speaker 1**: And then I talked to Glenn for a little bit about this change order thing and then I did talk to that Rick guy.
**Jdawson**: What did he say?
**Speaker 1**: He said his guys are going to be there today.
**Speaker 1**: He is physically himself going to be there tomorrow.
**Speaker 1**: And he said it's definitely doable to get everything done before Monday, but it's going to be a stretch.
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Jdawson**: So I committed to having people there every day.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah.
**Speaker 1**: So do you think we should wait on the notice to him, see if he's a no show today and if he is, we'll send it out first thing in the morning.
**Jdawson**: Yeah, I mean, he said his guys were going to show up today.
**Speaker 1**: He said his crew is going there today, but he himself will not be there till tomorrow.
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Jdawson**: If they don't show up today, I'd send them out a written notice, but I don't.
**Jdawson**: I don't know.
**Jdawson**: It just depends.
**Jdawson**: Nick was going to talk to United and see.
**Jdawson**: I mean, that's a stretch to get someone to mobilize and finish something the same week.
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Jdawson**: You know, so, but.
**Jdawson**: Well, good, that helps having an extra person to make the call.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah.
**Speaker 1**: United Excavating is verifying they have crews available in case Rick doesn't follow through.
**Jdawson**: Okay.
**Speaker 1**: And apparently Rick must have talked to Jack now because he's saying he doesn't think it's realistic to finish the asphalt in the dock door in time.
**Jdawson**: Have they taken out the curb already in the back?
**Jdawson**: Were they going to make the drive wider?
**Speaker 1**: I'm not sure if they've removed that yet.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah.
**Speaker 1**: The fine details of all this stuff has taken me a little bit because there's so much of it and it seems like everything we're working on needs attention.
**Speaker 1**: So I'm trying to figure everything out and go through all the email chains and everything alleatogroup, try to be able to know the detail to this level for these guys.
**Speaker 1**: But a lot of this stuff is just finding out as it arises.
**Jdawson**: Yeah, well, I mean, when you got a lot of not much experience, they can't look ahead and see this stuff coming up.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah.
**Speaker 1**: And that's like knowing about it.
**Speaker 1**: Like that guy not showing up yesterday.
**Speaker 1**: I never even knew he wasn't there.
**Speaker 1**: And he was supposed to be there, right?
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Jdawson**: Yep.
**Jdawson**: Hopefully.
**Jdawson**: I guess you talk to these guys, tell them, listen, when people aren't showing up or it's affecting your schedule, you Better let me know so I can help.
**Jdawson**: Because I can't help much when it's two days later.
**Speaker 1**: Oh yeah.
**Speaker 1**: I tell them I can't help if I don't know you need help.
**Speaker 1**: So yeah, I'll just stay on that with them and make sure we don't have any issues.
**Speaker 1**: What's Jack's usual for working weekends?
**Speaker 1**: Is that kind of non existent?
**Jdawson**: He says he works a lot on the weekends.
**Speaker 1**: Okay.
**Jdawson**: So it's not an issue.
**Jdawson**: He lives there full time, so.
**Jdawson**: Okay.
**Speaker 1**: Okay.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah.
**Speaker 1**: Just to make sure he has the capacity to at least go there and make sure things are moving over the weekend.
**Speaker 1**: Because this is a lot of critical stuff happening off working hours.
**Jdawson**: Yep, I agree on that.
**Speaker 1**: And definitely the picture thing.
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Jdawson**: Holy.
**Jdawson**: Three weeks, 20 pictures.
**Jdawson**: It's like one a day.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah, they got about 700 at Westfield.
**Jdawson**: Yep.
**Jdawson**: I mean I would always take pictures of everything.
**Jdawson**: Rough ends, especially rough ends.
**Jdawson**: And like site utilities.
**Jdawson**: Like every trench get some angles in there so later on you can line some up and try to figure out where it is.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah.
**Speaker 1**: So one thing I wanted to ask you about is this punch list in Job Planner.
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Speaker 1**: Does anyone?
**Speaker 1**: Okay.
**Speaker 1**: Because it doesn't seem like it's much more than just a location to house documents for punch.
**Jdawson**: So I would pull it up and share your screen.
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Speaker 1**: So I don't know anything about this platform for punching, but it looks like it's all manual.
**Speaker 1**: Like you go in there and you're would manually enter everything and then the superintendent would have to go through and manually punch it out.
**Jdawson**: So when you hit add item sign to put the contact in there.
**Jdawson**: Title due date, trades and attached photo.
**Jdawson**: What else are you thinking it needs?
**Speaker 1**: Well, I'm just, you know how like have you ever used like BIM360's Punch or CMIC's Punch or any of those platforms to where you can just walk around with your phone or an iPad and you just, you don't have to be online or anything and you just go through and you take your punch pictures and you have a site plan or whatever plans you want uploaded into the software and you can point out right where it is on the plans and then it's pass it to the sub so they have to close it out with photos.
**Jdawson**: Well, like procore has that.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah, I haven't used procore punch module in a long time, so I didn't know where it was sitting but.
**Jdawson**: So this does everything but lets you put it on a drawing.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah.
**Speaker 1**: So I want to just look into it because that was one of the things I was going to do some research on because I know there's really good punch software out there and it's not expensive.
**Speaker 1**: So something.
**Speaker 1**: Because, you know, like you were saying, with Mike needing to go verify all those circuits.
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Speaker 1**: You know, that kind of stuff.
**Speaker 1**: We can just have documentation because it'll just create a PDF of his report.
**Speaker 1**: So like the verifications of those circuits being installed correctly and things like that.
**Speaker 1**: But just to try to get them looking at this stuff.
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Speaker 1**: You know, because it seems like there's too much room for error without having a formal punch process.
**Speaker 1**: And things are getting overlooked because even, you know, if Jack punched out the items that made the areas ready for concrete, you know, there's all our pictures of everything.
**Jdawson**: Right now, I know he can.
**Jdawson**: He's got this on his phone.
**Jdawson**: So you can do this by your phone and do the photos and everything.
**Jdawson**: Because he does the daily reports.
**Jdawson**: That's the only photos you get.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah.
**Jdawson**: That's what does suck about this program.
**Jdawson**: You don't just like.
**Jdawson**: You can't just go and say, take a photo.
**Jdawson**: You gotta like, add it to something and then it puts it in the photos folder.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah.
**Speaker 1**: Cause, man, that BIM360 punch platform they have, I did an unreal amount of punching in a very short time with that.
**Speaker 1**: And everything got done very quickly with it.
**Speaker 1**: Because of the operating system.
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Speaker 1**: But I just need to get a project going with this to see if it's gonna be efficient because I know a few platforms that are good and you can just have them on your phone.
**Speaker 1**: So they don't software or hardware.
**Speaker 1**: But it seems like that's one of the big holes.
**Jdawson**: Okay.
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Jdawson**: Play around with it.
**Jdawson**: I don't know.
**Jdawson**: You can talk to the guys, see if anyone's used this and what it looks like.
**Jdawson**: Which job was that for?
**Speaker 1**: This job right here.
**Jdawson**: Well, like, was that for Bloomington, the screen you just had open?
**Speaker 1**: Yes.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah.
**Speaker 1**: I'll see how this program behaves.
**Speaker 1**: And just have them do a one scope of punch on it, just an internal one.
**Jdawson**: I wonder.
**Jdawson**: I'm looking here, trying to look like.
**Jdawson**: Since we started using Job Planner, I don't know that we did Rich Haven.
**Jdawson**: There's no punch in there.
**Jdawson**: See the burn Bill?
**Jdawson**: No punch in there.
**Jdawson**: We got around the problems this program has by just not doing punch lists.
**Speaker 1**: Problem solved.
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Jdawson**: I mean, we got some problem solvers here.
**Speaker 1**: I'm sure there's a good Chuck Norris joke to go along with that.
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Jdawson**: So I don't think here's one so if you go to Goodwill Foundations, there's one punch item, low priority.
**Jdawson**: Looks like they used Glenn just created this last day of July.
**Jdawson**: It's got photos there.
**Speaker 1**: Where are you looking?
**Jdawson**: So Goodwill Foundations.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah.
**Jdawson**: And then do the drop down.
**Jdawson**: It says punch, punch list.
**Speaker 1**: Yep.
**Speaker 1**: I'm looking at this one item, but I'm not seeing where you put the pictures or anything.
**Jdawson**: We'll click on that one and it opens it up.
**Speaker 1**: Yep.
**Jdawson**: Then you see the attachments, the company.
**Speaker 1**: Attachments.
**Jdawson**: Share your screen.
**Jdawson**: I don't know where you're at.
**Jdawson**: X out of that.
**Jdawson**: So if you click on the number.
**Jdawson**: Not that one, number one, scroll down.
**Speaker 1**: Gotcha.
**Jdawson**: I don't know what you were clicked.
**Speaker 1**: On, but I think I was on their contact info.
**Jdawson**: Yeah, before and after.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah, he's got befores in there.
**Jdawson**: See, I would think you could see if you can drop down from project attachments.
**Jdawson**: I think that would allow you to download a plan maybe.
**Speaker 1**: Yep.
**Jdawson**: You can get a drawing, but I don't know if it allows you to mark up on the drawing like I'm here or something.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah, I'll figure that out.
**Jdawson**: Because if we can, I mean, it's something you can just send to job planner and say, hey, we need the function where we can mark a location on a drawing and pull it into here so they know where it is and that's something they can just write in to the program.
**Speaker 1**: Gotcha.
**Jdawson**: I mean, I like, you know, the other systems that are good and easy and perfect, but then you got two different things you gotta track, which sucks.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah.
**Speaker 1**: And if we can tweak this to make it good, then we don't need anything else.
**Speaker 1**: This would be perfect.
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah.
**Speaker 1**: It's not hard to get it to do the functions that make it efficient.
**Speaker 1**: I'll just talk to that lady at Job pointer and see if she can do it.
**Jdawson**: That's it.
**Jdawson**: Yep.
**Jdawson**: Glenn out banging his hoe?
**Speaker 1**: I don't think so.
**Speaker 1**: He must have.
**Speaker 1**: Somebody must have said something to him because he was just in the trailer.
**Speaker 1**: Oh, wait, no, it starts in 15 minutes.
**Speaker 1**: I just got the reminder.
**Speaker 1**: So, yeah, he's gonna be out banging his hoe.
**Jdawson**: All right, well.
**Speaker 1**: So this change order thing, there's a exhausting teams message between Brandon and Glenn on this, and Brandon's been asking me questions about it, but I wanted to catch up with you first because I didn't know if you were talking to him about it.
**Jdawson**: All right.
**Jdawson**: I told him we're going to review it and then I would get with him on it.
**Jdawson**: Do you have, like, do you have.
**Jdawson**: How are you presenting this?
**Jdawson**: Is it a spreadsheet?
**Speaker 1**: Is it.
**Jdawson**: Is it a bunch of documents?
**Speaker 1**: It's just this, the change order itself, and this is the big design change order.
**Speaker 1**: So the one in question is this one.
**Speaker 1**: It's that fiber box Brandon wants.
**Jdawson**: It's taken out, and I did talk to him about that.
**Jdawson**: He's.
**Jdawson**: I don't even care if he submitted the city.
**Jdawson**: I want him to recall what he sent him and say, this was an error and I'll be updating it for you.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah.
**Speaker 1**: And so the way that Glenn explained this to me when he sent it was that's the value that is being established for the cost to do that work.
**Speaker 1**: So if we dropped it down to $5,000, which would be ultimately the delta between the 29,000 for the fiber optic box and the 33,000 to do the work that's in that credit change order, we'd have to pay that difference when they circle back to actually do the work, because what.
**Jdawson**: Well, that's what Brandon's saying.
**Jdawson**: He's going to go talk to him, say, listen, we're just going to put the drive in ourselves.
**Jdawson**: We've been contracted do the work.
**Jdawson**: We're just going to do it.
**Jdawson**: And it's his way to go in there and say, you guys approve two plans that conflicted and now you want.
**Jdawson**: I'm not paying.
**Jdawson**: Like, why am I paying for this now?
**Jdawson**: To fix it, just as a negotiating factor, really.
**Jdawson**: Okay.
**Jdawson**: So he wants that to be our stance.
**Jdawson**: Like, listen, we sent the wrong quote in.
**Jdawson**: And because we're not going to be on the hook to the city, like, that doesn't make any sense for us to say, okay, well, here's what we think it is.
**Jdawson**: And if it costs more later, you just send us the bill.
**Jdawson**: Like, screw that.
**Jdawson**: You know, we'll just put it in like we were contracted to initially.
**Speaker 1**: Okay.
**Jdawson**: And, you know, he's from there.
**Jdawson**: He can argue that with him.
**Jdawson**: I mean, I wouldn't do that being from Florida, because it might be like, screw you, you'll never get it approved if whatever we do, you know.
**Speaker 1**: So he just needs to recall that change order.
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Jdawson**: And just tell him I sent this in error.
**Jdawson**: This isn't the right price.
**Speaker 1**: And then we're just going to deduct the cost of that fiber box, relocate off of there, and give them the new credit.
**Jdawson**: I don't.
**Jdawson**: Honestly, I didn't get that far with what he wants to send back to him.
**Jdawson**: So other than I do think he wants to just Say, hey, it's really 5,000 because we're having to pay for this fiber box now.
**Jdawson**: And he's like, if.
**Jdawson**: Then they tell him, no, we're not going to accept that, then he's going to be like, okay, fine, we'll just put it in.
**Speaker 1**: Okay.
**Speaker 1**: Because when he explained that to me, he just said, put it.
**Speaker 1**: Bury it in the cost going to the credit so we don't have to cover it.
**Jdawson**: Exactly.
**Jdawson**: And that's what he's gonna do.
**Jdawson**: He'll just not bury it.
**Jdawson**: He's going to put it in there.
**Jdawson**: He's like, this is an error because now we got to use that money we had for your walks.
**Jdawson**: I don't know.
**Jdawson**: Let him do it.
**Jdawson**: Like he's got a plan for it.
**Speaker 1**: Okay.
**Jdawson**: What's done?
**Jdawson**: So.
**Speaker 1**: So Glenn just needs to handle it.
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Speaker 1**: Okay.
**Speaker 1**: So Glenn just needs to recall it and notify Brandon that it's recalled.
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Jdawson**: Whatever you sent him, he just needs to tell him, I gotta recall this.
**Jdawson**: It's incorrect.
**Speaker 1**: Okay.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah, that's easy enough.
**Jdawson**: Yep.
**Jdawson**: For us.
**Jdawson**: Mm.
**Jdawson**: Okay, so what.
**Jdawson**: And then what?
**Jdawson**: I was looking at, like, overall on the job.
**Jdawson**: Are you gonna mark up, like.
**Jdawson**: Got this one for you.
**Jdawson**: Your first lesson.
**Jdawson**: Yes.
**Jdawson**: Awesome.
**Jdawson**: There's plumbing.
**Jdawson**: Okay.
**Jdawson**: Homo door.
**Jdawson**: This concrete unit measuring block.
**Jdawson**: Like little blocks of windows.
**Jdawson**: What is that for?
**Jdawson**: Or why is that in there?
**Jdawson**: Does it slot change?
**Speaker 1**: Where are you looking?
**Jdawson**: Line 14.
**Jdawson**: You just were sharing it.
**Speaker 1**: Oh, shit.
**Speaker 1**: Sorry.
**Jdawson**: So I think this is his issue with the architect.
**Jdawson**: Didn't specify little blocks that would provide a finished surface.
**Jdawson**: Because all the split face.
**Jdawson**: Yeah, they have it in the front.
**Jdawson**: Yeah, but it's X'd out of here.
**Jdawson**: Or what does that X in 2030 mean?
**Speaker 1**: That's just my note saying that 20.
**Speaker 1**: The budget is showing under 2030 or over currently.
**Jdawson**: Is that because.
**Jdawson**: That's because he's already wrote the change order to him.
**Speaker 1**: Oh, to the sub?
**Jdawson**: Well, typically if.
**Jdawson**: And that's why on the PSR we had the, you know, the line item for unfunded change orders written to subs.
**Jdawson**: So this.
**Jdawson**: He's expecting it to be an owner change order, but he's already written it to the subcontractor.
**Jdawson**: So you can either count it as a loss, like you're never going to get paid for it, or you can put that in as a note that it's just not funded yet, but as an owner change order and not drop your expected profit, if that makes sense.
**Speaker 1**: So it's.
**Speaker 1**: It's currently in the budget at the value of $2,030.
**Speaker 1**: And when the owner approves the change order, this will pick up as that being balanced out.
**Jdawson**: Right.
**Jdawson**: Then it'll show it's not a loss.
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Jdawson**: Budget now.
**Speaker 1**: So it's just a matter of the owner change catching up with the budget.
**Jdawson**: Right.
**Speaker 1**: And all the stuff getting.
**Speaker 1**: Because there's that interior painting are the only two that are showing negatives right now.
**Speaker 1**: But they're both accounted for once the change order executes to the owner.
**Jdawson**: Masonry.
**Jdawson**: 20, 30.
**Jdawson**: But approved changes.
**Jdawson**: 20, 30.
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Jdawson**: So JTB Masonry was given a $2,030 change order.
**Jdawson**: Also this approved changes does commitment change orders.
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah.
**Speaker 1**: And that 15 that's showing an interior paint will zero out when the owner signs it too.
**Speaker 1**: So I think the only thing we're left sitting upside down on the budget with is the general conditions after this owner change hits.
**Speaker 1**: But also keep in mind this has.
**Jdawson**: That.
**Speaker 1**: Cost in it for that fiber optic box.
**Jdawson**: So he put.
**Jdawson**: I took it out.
**Jdawson**: Okay.
**Jdawson**: Well, the general conditions too is all mostly that insurance or the permit fees that will get reimbursed for.
**Jdawson**: So it's not really upside down.
**Speaker 1**: No, it's not that far.
**Speaker 1**: 40.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah.
**Speaker 1**: 2,500 bucks or something that's down here.
**Jdawson**: I got to go to an accounting meeting, but.
**Jdawson**: Well, that's what I'm saying.
**Jdawson**: But if you print out a report of the.
**Jdawson**: The change event log and then also compare that to this to, you know, between that and this, like that should be all of our outstanding issues.
**Jdawson**: And then in this budget, all these forecasts to complete, everything that's in a subcontractor line.
**Jdawson**: Mm.
**Jdawson**: Like there's 8, 800 in foundations.
**Jdawson**: Like what is that for?
**Jdawson**: There's 86, 000 in structural steel framing.
**Jdawson**: Like what is that for?
**Jdawson**: Because I mean we're saying we got a change event open for 57, 000.
**Jdawson**: Okay.
**Jdawson**: And that's.
**Jdawson**: Is that this 86 was to cover that.
**Jdawson**: So then that's not a real thing.
**Jdawson**: And we got 30,000 extra in here.
**Jdawson**: Finished carpentry, there's 30,000 in there.
**Jdawson**: I don't know if that's the railings we haven't bought yet.
**Jdawson**: Some smaller items in here over at doors is 25, 32 left in there.
**Jdawson**: Exterior paint, got a little money.
**Jdawson**: Signage, five grand.
**Jdawson**: Casework got 1600.
**Jdawson**: Plumbing's got 14,000 extra in there.
**Jdawson**: And then electrical, there's 18,000 extra in there.
**Jdawson**: It's like all those things.
**Jdawson**: Excavation, there's 18,000 extra in there.
**Jdawson**: Like paving's got 34 grand extra.
**Jdawson**: Like what is all that for?
**Jdawson**: Either he hasn't bought out the work, or there's just extra money sitting in there for something he's planning on spending it on, you know?
**Speaker 1**: Yeah, I'm pulling it up right now.
**Jdawson**: Okay, well, let me get through this accounting meeting, and then I'll call you back.
**Speaker 1**: Okay.
**Jdawson**: All right.
**Jdawson**: See it.
**Speaker 1**: All right.
**Speaker 1**: See you.