# FW: Project Volleyball update
**Meeting ID**: 01JRVB67ZR7YFBW6Y6Y8ADZB9G
**Date**: 2025-04-16
**Duration**: 33.95000076293945 minutes
**Transcript**: [View Transcript](https://app.fireflies.ai/view/01JRVB67ZR7YFBW6Y6Y8ADZB9G)
**Participants**: bclymer@alleatogroup.com, mewers@medellasprings.com, steve.bishop@usav.org, kristin@floridavolleyball.org, kswenson@seminolecountyfl.gov, rdurr@seminolecountyfl.gov, mwirsing@seminolecountyfl.gov, steve@floridavolleyball.org

## Transcript
**Bclymer**: Hey.
**Mewers**: Hey.
**Bclymer**: Welcome everyone.
**Mewers**: Good afternoon.
**Bclymer**: Good afternoon.
**Bclymer**: Just pulling into the parking lot here, guys.
**Bclymer**: I'll turn on the camera as soon as I can.
**Bclymer**: We are going to waiting on Rick.
**Bclymer**: Rick should be joining us.
**Bclymer**: He's in a commissioner briefing at the moment with information from the county side.
**Bclymer**: Christian Swenson is not expected to be in this meeting.
**Bclymer**: He got pulled or by the commissioners on a micro transit project.
**Bclymer**: I think.
**Bclymer**: I think everyone.
**Bclymer**: USA Volleyball.
**Bclymer**: We got Kurt, Steve, we're in there.
**Bclymer**: Mike's.
**Bclymer**: Mike told me he wasn't expecting to make this meeting.
**Bclymer**: Is that still correct, Brandon?
**Steve.bishop**: Brandon, you're muted.
**Bclymer**: Oh, I'm sorry.
**Bclymer**: Jesse, do you have that answer?
**Bclymer**: We still expecting that?
**Steve.bishop**: I don't know.
**Steve.bishop**: So text Brandon.
**Steve.bishop**: See.
**Kristin**: Sorry, what's the question on the other line?
**Bclymer**: No, no worries.
**Bclymer**: I was saying Mike's not expected to join us today.
**Bclymer**: That.
**Bclymer**: Is that correct, Brandon?
**Kristin**: Correct.
**Kristin**: Yeah, he's in Arizona right now.
**Bclymer**: Okay, perfect.
**Bclymer**: So while we wait on Rick to jump on Brandon, do you have an update regarding the previous call, the outline there of your needs where we can draw that kind of that subdivision?
**Bclymer**: I know we're asking about that.
**Kristin**: So for the.
**Kristin**: For what you guys sent over on the survey?
**Kristin**: We.
**Kristin**: I mean that's.
**Kristin**: We laid that out.
**Kswenson**: Did.
**Kristin**: I don't believe.
**Kristin**: Jesse, did you see the drawings come through on the existing storm yet?
**Kristin**: I'm not sure if I saw that.
**Steve.bishop**: I don't have the existing.
**Steve.bishop**: I didn't get the existing storm yet.
**Steve.bishop**: But I think the question was whether we could fit everything of ours up in the top half of the property.
**Steve.bishop**: And I believe we.
**Steve.bishop**: We did some layouts and I think we can possibly make that work.
**Kristin**: Yeah, if.
**Kristin**: Well, except for the parking.
**Kristin**: So if you want to grab that, Jesse, we can, we can pull it up and show everybody.
**Steve.bishop**: Okay, see here.
**Steve.bishop**: Share my screen.
**Steve.bishop**: See?
**Mewers**: Is everyone.
**Steve.bishop**: Everyone able to see this?
**Kristin**: Yeah.
**Steve.bishop**: Yeah.
**Steve.bishop**: So.
**Bclymer**: Yes.
**Kristin**: So that's kind of what we were looking at because we know we.
**Kristin**: You guys had that easement and so we were like, do what, Jesse?
**Steve.bishop**: This, like what they show here is this existing road.
**Steve.bishop**: Like, we would have to move it up to the edge of that property and it would have to like come around down out here, if you can see my cursor.
**Steve.bishop**: And then we would move the putt putt up into this corner.
**Steve.bishop**: You know, the volleyball can all shift this way.
**Steve.bishop**: Then stage and the restaurant cafe.
**Steve.bishop**: And we had like the office for the putt putt course and the facility here.
**Steve.bishop**: And then these are restrooms.
**Steve.bishop**: I believe this is the stage covered stage.
**Steve.bishop**: But we Kind of laid it all out, but that would move the parking, then would have to be the city park and would be down in this corner.
**Steve.bishop**: So this is what we.
**Kristin**: What we could make fit with.
**Kristin**: With that road.
**Kristin**: I know that was a request to see what we could do.
**Kristin**: We obviously can't fit everything above the road, but that's a.
**Kristin**: Seemed like a way that we could delineate it and, you know, then actually utilize that.
**Kristin**: That road, if that's what you guys wanted.
**Kristin**: So you didn't vacate or whatever the easement.
**Steve.bishop**: Plus, we weren't sure if we tried to stay out of this.
**Steve.bishop**: It looked like there was some drainage easements up here.
**Steve.bishop**: You know, I don't know if that means we can't build anything in there or what kind of restrictions were along there, but really moved everything in to try and stay out of that.
**Mewers**: Can you.
**Mewers**: This is Steve here.
**Mewers**: Can you point to, with your cursor where the.
**Mewers**: The equipment for volleyball would be stored?
**Mewers**: Because that was going to be up there in that corner where golf is now.
**Mewers**: So we need a storage.
**Mewers**: Yeah, no, those are.
**Mewers**: Those are meeting rooms.
**Mewers**: And the other side, ideally is restrooms and medical.
**Mewers**: We had talked to Mike about like a shipping container match with a food park where we can put nets, antennas.
**Steve.bishop**: Yeah, definitely.
**Kristin**: Yeah.
**Steve.bishop**: Like through here.
**Steve.bishop**: We got all kinds of room right in here.
**Kristin**: Yeah, we can plop a.
**Kristin**: We can plop a container out pretty easy.
**Mewers**: Great.
**Mewers**: Thank you.
**Mewers**: Yep.
**Steve.bishop**: But.
**Mewers**: Yeah, closer to the courts the better because it's a lot of in and out of that particular.
**Steve.bishop**: Okay.
**Mewers**: Storage unit.
**Steve.bishop**: Yeah, we didn't work out.
**Bclymer**: Would that also serve as.
**Kswenson**: As someplace to host a staffer or.
**Mewers**: Whatever for tournaments and leagues and all.
**Kswenson**: That kind of information?
**Mewers**: Is that.
**Mewers**: Or is that would be up in the city, Two city buildings?
**Mewers**: Yes.
**Kristin**: Any questions about this layout?
**Bclymer**: So, Brandon, quick question.
**Bclymer**: Did Mike speak to you about a possible one building, A singular building?
**Bclymer**: Singular building, yeah.
**Bclymer**: Instead of two small ones, one larger sized building?
**Kristin**: No, he didn't mention it, but that's feasible.
**Kristin**: We just can bunk those down and, and then do a longer one or, you know, rotate it.
**Kristin**: We, you know, we got options.
**Bclymer**: Okay.
**Steve.bishop**: Yeah, we could swap those and we will not.
**Mewers**: Yeah, you will not want to separate.
**Mewers**: Everything that's done in collegiate and high school is done in.
**Mewers**: In fives.
**Mewers**: So you will not want to put some building in the middle and put three courts on one side and two on the other.
**Mewers**: That.
**Mewers**: That will not be favorable for the attendees.
**Bclymer**: Got it.
**Steve.bishop**: Okay.
**Mewers**: The coaches will be quite irritated if they are not adjacent to each Other.
**Steve.bishop**: They need to be five courts at least.
**Mewers**: Yes.
**Mewers**: Yeah.
**Mewers**: That's how they.
**Mewers**: That's how they compete.
**Mewers**: They compete in groups of five.
**Kristin**: They can be.
**Kristin**: They can be like.
**Kristin**: So you could have two above and one and then three below.
**Kristin**: Right.
**Kristin**: That would be in one section.
**Mewers**: Well, it depends on if you're going to try.
**Mewers**: Yeah.
**Mewers**: In this particular 25 core model, you could have five, what they call duals going on at the same time.
**Mewers**: So that.
**Kristin**: Right.
**Steve.bishop**: So what.
**Mewers**: What I'm saying is, like, compatible with.
**Kristin**: So if you looked at, like the top, top left, or top right, whatever.
**Kristin**: Like, did the courts have to be linear or could it be 1, 2, 3, and then 1, 2 in the second row?
**Mewers**: You could, but the.
**Mewers**: The math won't work out if you plop a building right down in the very middle.
**Kristin**: Well, I'm not thinking we would put it in the middle.
**Kristin**: I'm thinking we would put it on that right side.
**Kristin**: And then if we were able to use the top and bottom row, then as.
**Kristin**: As considered adjacent, then I think you can meet that.
**Kristin**: That requirement.
**Kristin**: Yeah, similar to that.
**Mewers**: See what you're saying here.
**Bclymer**: So you.
**Bclymer**: You'd have then two rows of ten and one of five.
**Kristin**: Cor.
**Mewers**: Oh, you're saying.
**Mewers**: Okay, I misunderstood you.
**Mewers**: I thought you were putting this building right in the middle of the five corners.
**Steve.bishop**: Yeah.
**Mewers**: I got you.
**Mewers**: Okay.
**Kristin**: So I know one question we had in the meeting last time was, so, for the parking lot and the building, for the city, encompassing that into this project, where did that land?
**Mewers**: That would all stay as county property, so I'll have to let them answer that one.
**Kristin**: Yeah, we knew it would be the property.
**Kristin**: It's just the getting it built was the main driver.
**Kristin**: And so I know that was what the main question was coming out of that is, is this something that we can pull into to our build in our timeline and do it concurrently, or is it something that has to be completely separate done, that the city has to take on and whatnot?
**Kristin**: And the biggest driver, obviously, was time.
**Mewers**: Yeah.
**Bclymer**: Rick, did Christian brief you on that or.
**Kswenson**: We did brief earlier today on that particular topic.
**Kswenson**: I think one of the part.
**Kswenson**: One of the working pieces of that is of being able to establish exactly if we were breaking this piece out, regardless of how we're doing it, of being able to create a legal description of the area necessary for, you know, whatever agreement we need to have done, and that particular need.
**Kswenson**: And then that's been brought to the county attorney's office for them to be able to take a look at.
**Kswenson**: But that's One of the things we also need to look at is exactly which purse, which piece of the property we would look to create that agreement for and how that exactly would work.
**Kswenson**: So they're looking at that right now.
**Kswenson**: It's just as long as we know what the window looks like of which piece of the property that we're attaching the document to.
**Kswenson**: So, for lack of a better word, a legal description of how, how much room do we need that kind of a thing so that we can start piecing that together based on.
**Kswenson**: Based on the input of the county attorney's office.
**Kswenson**: That makes sense.
**Kristin**: I mean, not, not for me, really, to be honest.
**Kristin**: I guess I understand, I guess the legal description.
**Kristin**: As far as the land and the county remaining to own the land, what specifically, what the question is that we were looking at is that if we could build the building and the parking lot and the city pay us for that work and we do it all in one project, or if that had to be completely separate and the city had to do that on their own timeline, was the, the biggest thing, no matter what the land would.
**Kristin**: Would remain, you know, the city or counties, you know, that was never going to change, to my understanding.
**Kswenson**: Well, it, it does matter in the sense that we've got to.
**Kswenson**: We've got to create an agreement that talks about the.
**Kswenson**: The total operation and which piece of it is.
**Kswenson**: Is, are you, are you needing to do work on.
**Kswenson**: So, for example, if, if we're going to have the facility constructed, whether it's all constructed at one time or if it's constructed, you're doing the, like you said, the building and the parking lot, and the county is doing the volleyball piece.
**Kswenson**: We need to be able to define what that looks like for the county attorney's office.
**Kswenson**: In the meantime, they're looking at the entire blanket deal and saying what works from a expediency standpoint, what works for the timeline standpoint, and then what would we need to do in terms of an agreement to allow that to happen?
**Kswenson**: Whether we built it or whether you built it, regardless.
**Kswenson**: So that's exactly what they're looking at at this moment.
**Kristin**: Gotcha.
**Kristin**: So the, the, the construction of the volleyball court, the building and the parking lot are what's in question as far as if that would be something we handle or the city handles.
**Kristin**: And that's what the county attorney is looking at.
**Kswenson**: Yeah, that's correct.
**Kswenson**: And what would be, what would be required in order for us to look at either of those options?
**Kswenson**: So right now, you know, I mean, it's county Property at the moment, obviously.
**Kswenson**: So if we went to go build volleyball courts out on our own property and we're doing it with our dimensions, that's something we can do easily.
**Kswenson**: But to get the dollars to do that, we need to be able to present the larger deal to the board so that they're aware of why we're expending those dollars at that location, if that makes sense.
**Kswenson**: So the ability to be able to speak to the entire project is the key part for us to be able to go ahead and proceed forward with anything at this point in terms of construction to get one does feed the other.
**Mewers**: Is there a path here, Rick, where volleyball could.
**Mewers**: Our organization, USA Volleyball and the Florida region could take the lead on the court, the volleyball court piece, as far as like sourcing the equipment, design, installation, all of that kind of stuff.
**Mewers**: Because that's what we do.
**Mewers**: Or will that be in your mind handled by someone who's never built a sand volleyball complex?
**Kswenson**: Yeah, ideally we're not going that route and we wouldn't want to do that.
**Kswenson**: So if that being a particular option on there, on the, on the property itself, that again, something similar, we need to be able to window out exactly what that footprint looks like so that we can put that in a potential agreement, hammer that out so that you can go ahead and do the work on the county's property and facilitate that.
**Kswenson**: I don't think that that's something that's out of the question still, even at this point, and I'm looking at Michael and Guy on here, unless you heard something different, I think it's making sure that we window in on what's required from a legal standpoint.
**Kswenson**: We know that if any work is going to be done on county property, we need to be able to have some sort of an agreement in place to make that happen.
**Kswenson**: So if the whole site, then.
**Kswenson**: Yeah, and that kind of a thing.
**Kswenson**: Yeah, go ahead.
**Kswenson**: I'm sorry, Mike.
**Kswenson**: Steve.
**Bclymer**: Yeah, Steve, go ahead.
**Mewers**: No, I just was, I was going to say we did a reimbursable grant in a previous project with the county.
**Mewers**: So I don't know if that's a mechanism you have in place.
**Mewers**: And I don't want to speak for Kurt because Kurt will have to get this cleared with his board.
**Mewers**: But that is a.
**Mewers**: That's a much faster way if there's a reimbursable grant available or dollars available to do the build the sand court portion.
**Kswenson**: And I'd say if that's an option that we can consider then about.
**Kswenson**: If you got a write up or date or something that you can send to me directly, then that's, we can put that in under consideration right into the pipeline.
**Mewers**: Okay.
**Kswenson**: While we're hammering this stuff out.
**Steve.bishop**: Yep.
**Kristin**: Is that something we would consider that grant for the building in the parking lot as well?
**Rdurr**: If I can jump in.
**Rdurr**: I think one of the things that we talked about with Krishna last time is what he needs to try and figure out is what is the legal standing, what we, what we can do with a, an organization without having to go out for rfp.
**Rdurr**: When we were talking about, you know, originally, if you look at this, this plot of land originally was just the one bottom corner.
**Rdurr**: Now it's, it's, it's kind of moved around a little bit.
**Rdurr**: It's trying to figure out how we do a land lease through there.
**Rdurr**: And I think that's what Chris was trying to figure out is what, what are we allowed to do before it becomes a, hey, we can't as a county just negotiate with one person on an unsolicited bid.
**Rdurr**: Do we have to go out for bid to saying, is there anybody else that would want to do this as well?
**Rdurr**: I think that's what where he's at was the last thing was we have to try and figure out what the legal standing allows everybody in the, in the different parties to do or not do and how it, how not to screw this thing up is really what he was trying to figure out.
**Kristin**: And so as far as figuring that out, do we have any kind of update or is that still just deliberating or I guess, is there anything we can do to provide the information to try to figure out which way to go?
**Bclymer**: So Brandon here, what we have to do is be able to identify the actual lease portion of the agreement.
**Bclymer**: So when we look at this like we're like, okay, we know the golf portion here, the mini golf, that was the lease, the, the restaurant, but this is two separate parcels.
**Bclymer**: You see what I'm saying?
**Bclymer**: Like, we need to be able to identify, hey, how are we going to draw this up for there to be a lease portion and for there to be the county portion of it, the parcel right here, everything's all together.
**Bclymer**: So we don't know what it is that you actually need, what footprint you need.
**Bclymer**: Am I wrong, Ricker Mike, on that now?
**Kswenson**: You're right on, yeah.
**Kristin**: And, and so for you to, to do your part, what do you need from us specifically so that you can get that done?
**Bclymer**: So golf, we need to know all in, what's the footprint you need?
**Bclymer**: And then at that point, Rick, are we going to divide this parcel up accordingly?
**Bclymer**: Is that kind of the.
**Bclymer**: The way?
**Bclymer**: Because.
**Kswenson**: Right, that's exactly right.
**Kswenson**: So we have the.
**Kswenson**: We have the window for the volleyball piece.
**Kswenson**: We've got the remainder or whatever is required for the restaurant and parking piece.
**Kswenson**: And that way we can start to zoom in on tying those down to this particular property.
**Kswenson**: Regardless of who ends up building the volleyball piece, for example, we're going to need that mechanism to put that into the lease agreement and to be able to get that approved by the board at that point, that will at least give us the legal piece that allows us to move forward.
**Kristin**: Okay, so what I'm hearing is you need us to give you a, hey, here's the site plan that we want, and that way it shows where everything is, and then you can say, okay, we're going to carve out this section for the building, this section for the parking, and this is for the volleyball.
**Kristin**: Is that accurate?
**Kswenson**: That's accurate, yeah.
**Kristin**: Okay, then we can.
**Kristin**: We can actually create a drawing so it's not just this overlay and get that to your team.
**Mwirsing**: Does golf have to be separated, or can golf be part of the overall collective project into one parcel, or do you want that separated if it's part.
**Kswenson**: Of your overall development parcel?
**Kswenson**: That I'd say leave it with the rest of it, if you will.
**Mwirsing**: Okay, so basically what I'm looking at here is three separate parcels, what he has in pink right now, the collective and mini golf, and then parking.
**Mwirsing**: Correct.
**Mwirsing**: We all on the same page.
**Kswenson**: Okay, sounds like it's me.
**Kswenson**: Yep.
**Bclymer**: Yeah.
**Bclymer**: If we're gonna utilize economic development, which is an option on the table from what Christian was.
**Bclymer**: Was discussing last time, please keep golf in there.
**Bclymer**: So it's not just a standard food and beverage operation that we're looking at.
**Bclymer**: Right.
**Kristin**: Golf builds communities.
**Kristin**: Get a big statue of Rory out there.
**Bclymer**: There it is.
**Bclymer**: There you go, with the picture from Ken Griffey Jr.
**Bclymer**: How about that?
**Mewers**: Yeah.
**Mewers**: Right.
**Mewers**: Right.
**Kristin**: Okay, well, we'll get with our team, you know, Mike and Steve and, you know, confirmed that, you know what they want.
**Kristin**: What?
**Kristin**: This.
**Kristin**: We're going to roll with the one building option.
**Kristin**: Is that what we want to stick with?
**Bclymer**: From what I've been told, that may be the best way to expedite or make this project a quality.
**Bclymer**: That's what.
**Kristin**: Yeah.
**Kristin**: Most cost effective, too.
**Steve.bishop**: So did they have a particular square footage of this building so we can make sure it fits in here?
**Mewers**: You know, I think.
**Mewers**: Yeah.
**Mewers**: What we had originally proposed, obviously, was not to scale, so it Turned out to be a little sizable.
**Mewers**: But that's a lot of space right there.
**Mewers**: Five quarts wide and one court or, you know, one quart deep.
**Bclymer**: So Christian also has some information on the, the one building.
**Bclymer**: I'm, he is aware that, that the possible move to one building is, is being discussed.
**Bclymer**: So I know that he does have the information and I'll, I'll, I'll tap him, I'll nudge him again to try to get that info over to you guys as soon as possible to.
**Bclymer**: So you guys have a reference point.
**Kristin**: Okay, perfect.
**Kristin**: Yeah, that'd be helpful.
**Mewers**: And you're referring to basically a kind of an as built, already known type building, Is that what you're referencing?
**Bclymer**: I believe so.
**Bclymer**: I believe so.
**Bclymer**: If it's the same building and, and it could be different, but it, it, it may be one that he has worked with in the past.
**Kristin**: Okay, so 13,000 square feet is too big, huh?
**Mewers**: That's a lot of, that's a lot of space.
**Kswenson**: Yeah.
**Steve.bishop**: Well, you've got those rogue volleyball players.
**Steve.bishop**: You just give them that one court we got space for now.
**Mewers**: Yes.
**Mewers**: It would still.
**Mewers**: Just for the record, so that we all know what would be the best case scenario.
**Mewers**: The best case scenario would be two small buildings on either side and take those feature courts in the middle and space them out for national and international type events.
**Mewers**: But I understand if that's a deterrent.
**Bclymer**: Brandon, just one thing.
**Bclymer**: In case this info, just in case this info ends up, when you're done sending it over to us or at any point, please identify county on there.
**Bclymer**: Because you guys, this parcel is in the city of Sanford.
**Bclymer**: But we, the county has jurisdiction over the land.
**Bclymer**: It's county owned land.
**Bclymer**: So just to avoid confusion there, because when you talk about city, you may be looking at, there may be some confusion there.
**Bclymer**: City does have the water utility there as well.
**Steve.bishop**: Oh, so you're saying.
**Bclymer**: Anything that you identify pertaining to us on this call, please label county.
**Bclymer**: Just, just to avoid confusion on, on our side.
**Steve.bishop**: Okay.
**Steve**: Yeah.
**Bclymer**: I can definitely see this.
**Bclymer**: Hey, how is the city of Sanford involved in this and not, not yet.
**Bclymer**: So yeah.
**Steve.bishop**: This is county.
**Bclymer**: Yeah.
**Steve.bishop**: Well, we'll try to figure out a way to maybe even get one building and still have your.
**Steve.bishop**: So it's the five courts in the middle that you're saying is the premier ones?
**Mewers**: Yeah.
**Mewers**: So what would happen in most tournament flows is we would end up having the championships filter into the top five feature courts and that's where all the crowd would get around for the playoffs, the final championships.
**Steve.bishop**: Okay, so like, this doesn't have.
**Steve.bishop**: This could be like.
**Steve.bishop**: Like whatever the size of this building is can be, you know, modified.
**Mewers**: Yeah.
**Mewers**: This needs to house restrooms, locker rooms, medical event staff, and some meeting space for official.
**Kristin**: I mean, I.
**Kristin**: I imagine something like three or 4,000.
**Kristin**: 5,000 square feet.
**Kristin**: More than enough.
**Bclymer**: Yeah.
**Mewers**: This is 4,000.
**Mewers**: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
**Mewers**: So we can.
**Mewers**: We can tackle that piece offline.
**Mewers**: I'd be glad to meet with you, and we can walk through that a little bit just so that.
**Mewers**: And I can resend the pieces that need to be included, and then maybe you can kind of go from there.
**Steve.bishop**: Because each of these singular buildings was 5,000 square feet.
**Mewers**: Yeah, they were.
**Mewers**: They were way too big.
**Mewers**: But once again, not to scale.
**Mewers**: I was just showing placement of where things needed to sit.
**Steve.bishop**: Okay.
**Mewers**: Yeah.
**Steve.bishop**: The one that was shown over here, if 5,000 square foot's enough.
**Mewers**: Oh, more than enough.
**Mewers**: Yeah, should be.
**Kristin**: Yeah.
**Kristin**: So we'll.
**Kristin**: We'll get.
**Kristin**: We'll get together and get the design with.
**Kristin**: With our team.
**Kristin**: I don't want to take up any more of the official.
**Kristin**: Official's time unless anybody has anything else.
**Bclymer**: So just to confirm here, Couple.
**Bclymer**: Couple things, next meeting, which should be the 30th.
**Bclymer**: I want to make sure everyone understands April 30th.
**Bclymer**: From what I understand.
**Bclymer**: Christian does have it on his calendar for that meeting.
**Bclymer**: We'll have a legal update at that point.
**Bclymer**: I'm gonna nudge him and see when I can send over that.
**Bclymer**: That.
**Bclymer**: That information for the one building that'll assist you guys in kind of ident your footprint at that point so we can identify what.
**Bclymer**: What would be leased and what would still remain under the.
**Bclymer**: The county's jurisdiction or their ownership.
**Bclymer**: So at that point, that will assist Christian with the legal update from the attorney.
**Bclymer**: So work on the one building or two buildings to look at possible footprint needs, and then we'll have a legal update from Christian on the 30th.
**Mewers**: I will probably not be on the 30th.
**Mewers**: I'll be heading up to Gulf Shores, Alabama, for the NCAA beach championship, so I'll catch up.
**Speaker 8**: And I likely won't be on that call either.
**Speaker 8**: We'll be setting up at the convention center for our close to 900 team event in Orlando.
**Kristin**: We don't have anything else to do to be on that call that day, so we're.
**Steve.bishop**: Makes my life seem boring.
**Mwirsing**: Yeah.
**Bclymer**: So.
**Bclymer**: So let me.
**Bclymer**: Let me make sure I also pose this question.
**Bclymer**: Would you like to keep the 30th at.
**Bclymer**: Would you like to still keep the meeting on the 30th.
**Mewers**: I think we're Mike and his team, but.
**Mewers**: Mike, you can answer that one.
**Mwirsing**: Yeah, I think we should.
**Mwirsing**: And then I can reloop separately with the USA Volleyball team.
**Bclymer**: Okay.
**Bclymer**: Perfect.
**Mwirsing**: Yeah.
**Mwirsing**: Just to keep the cadence that we have here and, you know, if he's got it on his calendar, let's.
**Bclymer**: Let's keep it perfect.
**Bclymer**: Sounds like a plan.
**Bclymer**: So we'll be back on the 30th.
**Steve.bishop**: And just to confirm, like, you're wanting us to get a dimension plan showing these two areas put on the set of drawings and sent to you?
**Bclymer**: Yes.
**Kswenson**: Yeah.
**Kswenson**: Yeah, that's correct.
**Steve.bishop**: Okay.
**Steve.bishop**: And then one thing.
**Kswenson**: We.
**Steve.bishop**: We hadn't seen the civil, like the.
**Steve.bishop**: The initial drainage plans from when the site was built.
**Steve.bishop**: Is there someone here that was on the last meeting was looking to get those for us?
**Kswenson**: Yeah, Michael, I know that we discussed after this particular meeting, we're pulling out those as builts out of the set of original construction documents that were done for the Booma sports complex.
**Rdurr**: Yeah.
**Rdurr**: That.
**Rdurr**: The sports complex information was shared in that.
**Rdurr**: That link that I sent out to everybody.
**Rdurr**: I had sent that in there.
**Steve.bishop**: Okay.
**Rdurr**: Everybody should have the sports complex.
**Rdurr**: Anything on this boundary items.
**Rdurr**: I don't have anything else related to this specific site.
**Rdurr**: The sports complex items were.
**Kswenson**: Were in there, and that should show both the.
**Kswenson**: The alignment of Cameron Avenue and the diversion of the.
**Kswenson**: The stormwater channel that was made that plugs into this and discharges out of the site as well.
**Kswenson**: Should show up on those.
**Steve.bishop**: That's my bad then.
**Kswenson**: Yeah.
**Kswenson**: As well as the realignment of Cameron Avenue that was done to kind of make that.
**Kswenson**: On the southern southwest corner there, that.
**Kswenson**: That funky tee that's made in there that should also be in the.
**Kswenson**: As built all that data.
**Steve.bishop**: Okay.
**Rdurr**: Now if you can't find it or somehow got locked out or, you know, again, that the Dropbox information should be there.
**Rdurr**: If for whatever reason, it doesn't work, sometimes these things get squirrely and they stop working.
**Rdurr**: Just email me, let me know, and I can.
**Rdurr**: I can set up another one from our staff.
**Rdurr**: We can get another one out, sent out and let you know, and that way, you know, quickly save it so it doesn't get locked again.
**Steve.bishop**: So I appreciate that.
**Bclymer**: Yep.
**Kristin**: Perfect.
**Bclymer**: Any other questions, comments?
**Bclymer**: All right, so we'll see everyone or we'll see Mike and the team on the 30th for more updates.
**Bclymer**: Thank you, everyone.
**Mwirsing**: Sounds good.
**Mwirsing**: Thank you.
**Bclymer**: Thank you.
**Mewers**: Thanks, gang.
**Mewers**: Appreciate it.
**Steve**: Sa.