# Huddle
**Meeting ID**: 01K1DPMV3GS07726N40PNWESYV
**Date**: 2025-07-31
**Duration**: 12.970000267028809 minutes
**Transcript**: [View Transcript](https://app.fireflies.ai/view/01K1DPMV3GS07726N40PNWESYV)
**Participants**: ahuettl@alleatogroup.com, jdawson@alleatogroup.com, bclymer@alleatogroup.com

## Transcript
**Ahuettl**: Hey, aj did you invite Alec to this meeting?
**Jdawson**: I have not yet, no.
**Bclymer**: Hey.
**Jdawson**: I haven't even had the time to, like, powwow with him.
**Jdawson**: Jesse.
**Jdawson**: I had to.
**Jdawson**: You know I'm in Dallas, right?
**Jdawson**: I don't know if you talked to Brandon.
**Jdawson**: Yeah, I had to fly down here, so.
**Ahuettl**: Okay, well, I'm.
**Jdawson**: I'm getting ready to spend all day, half my day, whatever it is, trying to figure out this permit issue.
**Jdawson**: So that's priority one and then priority two.
**Jdawson**: I spoke with Keva on my way to the airport last night.
**Jdawson**: Is getting that Martinsville quote out.
**Ahuettl**: So is Kevin doing all the billings for Martinsville and all the radio jobs?
**Jdawson**: Yeah, we got the.
**Jdawson**: The radial billings done.
**Ahuettl**: Okay.
**Ahuettl**: To get with Alec, get in on those, and then you can get him up to Indy for a week to.
**Ahuettl**: Or once a month or whatever it is to come help you out with all those other jobs.
**Bclymer**: Morning.
**Bclymer**: Yep.
**Bclymer**: Hey.
**Bclymer**: Hey.
**Bclymer**: Sorry I'm here.
**Jdawson**: Hey, Alex.
**Ahuettl**: We're all sorry, too, that you're here, Alex.
**Bclymer**: Thanks.
**Ahuettl**: Well, what's going on?
**Bclymer**: I got ceiling.
**Bclymer**: I got.
**Bclymer**: There's a shitload going on Cormdale.
**Bclymer**: I'm pulling in right now.
**Bclymer**: I got flooring going down.
**Bclymer**: I gotta see if the guys are here for the pathway.
**Jdawson**: Ryan just tried to call me with United.
**Jdawson**: Alex, I was on this call, so I don't know.
**Bclymer**: I'm literally pulling in right now.
**Bclymer**: Lauren, guys are here.
**Bclymer**: I don't see any trucks over there.
**Bclymer**: Oh, yeah, there's somebody here from United.
**Jdawson**: Is Triangle there yet?
**Bclymer**: I don't see any Triangle.
**Bclymer**: One United excavating truck, and he's sitting.
**Bclymer**: Looks like Neiman.
**Bclymer**: Continue framing.
**Bclymer**: Got electrical going.
**Jdawson**: Jesse, we got that permit for Neiman.
**Bclymer**: Final paid for it yesterday.
**Ahuettl**: Okay, good.
**Jdawson**: Two grand for that permit, which is wild.
**Bclymer**: You gotta pay for all your time.
**Ahuettl**: Yeah.
**Ahuettl**: Seriously.
**Bclymer**: Stupid foundations.
**Bclymer**: Got polished concrete going on.
**Bclymer**: Gotta check on the lighting housing that was maybe coming in today.
**Bclymer**: Then Applied Engineering.
**Bclymer**: Pretty much full steam in that one right now.
**Bclymer**: Taking out the front entry door today, reframing that, drywalling it and ceiling grid starting.
**Bclymer**: Painters were there yesterday.
**Bclymer**: Yeah.
**Bclymer**: Checking on those four today.
**Jdawson**: We just need to make sure we get that flooring done today or performed down.
**Bclymer**: Yep, it'll get done.
**Bclymer**: They knocked out Decatur two hours.
**Ahuettl**: Yeah.
**Ahuettl**: What's in Decatur?
**Bclymer**: The flooring guys that I have here at Quorum are the same ones that were at Decatur, and they knocked that out quick.
**Bclymer**: So they'll knock this one out quick, too.
**Ahuettl**: Yeah.
**Jdawson**: And talked about needing some help, maybe moving furniture.
**Jdawson**: I said, depending on how much like.
**Bclymer**: We'Ll look at it, but there's a fuckload of casework.
**Jdawson**: Really?
**Bclymer**: Oh, yeah.
**Bclymer**: I mean, there's tons.
**Bclymer**: There was one.
**Jdawson**: There was three classrooms.
**Jdawson**: It can't be that much.
**Bclymer**: What we took out from those three classrooms, which was what, eight offices?
**Bclymer**: There's a lot.
**Jdawson**: I know, but there's only three classrooms, so it's not gonna be.
**Jdawson**: You know what I'm saying?
**Bclymer**: Well, I mean, like, what do they want?
**Bclymer**: What.
**Bclymer**: What do they want the casework to do?
**Bclymer**: Do they want us to talk to it?
**Bclymer**: Like, what are we doing with it?
**Jdawson**: I don't know.
**Jdawson**: I haven't.
**Jdawson**: I haven't been in.
**Jdawson**: In there, Alex.
**Jdawson**: I don't know.
**Jdawson**: Just ask her.
**Jdawson**: Hey, this is.
**Jdawson**: This is Ryan calling me, so I'll hop back in.
**Ahuettl**: So where are you?
**Ahuettl**: Which job you had today, Alex?
**Bclymer**: I have already been to Neiman and I'm at Quorum.
**Bclymer**: I'm gonna head to foundation after this and then to Applied Engineering and back to Neiman.
**Bclymer**: That's the plan for today.
**Ahuettl**: All right.
**Ahuettl**: Well, I guess.
**Bclymer**: Has.
**Bclymer**: Is Dean down in Bloomington, too, on that job?
**Ahuettl**: In Bloomington?
**Ahuettl**: Yeah.
**Bclymer**: As they've been showing up, I've been really struggling to get a hold of Brennan to get guys to.
**Bclymer**: Well, I had one at Foundations.
**Bclymer**: If they would have had two or three there, that would have been done long time ago.
**Bclymer**: I mean, it's been like pulling teeth to get anybody to Applied Engineering.
**Bclymer**: I got one guy there, and it's a service guy.
**Bclymer**: Like, they're not sending, like, real crews.
**Bclymer**: They're just sending service guys to all these jobs.
**Bclymer**: It's been pretty much impossible to get anything from Brennan.
**Bclymer**: Like, I've been having to get a hold of Denny Muse to get somebody there.
**Bclymer**: I just want to let you know that.
**Ahuettl**: I don't know if he's coming back on here.
**Ahuettl**: All right, we'll talk to you later.
**Bclymer**: All right, thanks.