# Ulta Beauty Dallas Weekly Vendor Call
**Meeting ID**: 01JNEARZMH5WARBQ24KZ6BM3X2
**Date**: 2025-03-05
**Duration**: 25.329999923706055 minutes
**Transcript**: [View Transcript](https://app.fireflies.ai/view/01JNEARZMH5WARBQ24KZ6BM3X2)
**Participants**: shooper@vargomail.com, blake.robbins@lafayette-engineering.com, brandon.robbins@lafayette-engineering.com, david.douglas@steelesolutions.com, rhall@hytrol.com, ataylor@alleatogroup.com, bpulfer@vargomail.com, bretton.basford@hy-tek.com, austin.liebler@dematic.com, kschepers@unarcorack.com, jthiel@opex.com, jtipton@opex.com, scrawford@vargomail.com, rfink@vargomail.com, aaron.duong@steelesolutions.com, ahuettl@alleatogroup.com, vrosemeier@vargomail.com, vchanthasene@vargomail.com, jkirby@hytrol.com, bmoodispaugh@vargomail.com, jlammert@vargomail.com, bclymer@alleatogroup.com, javersa@opex.com

## Transcript
**Shooper**: You.
**Blake.robbins**: Good afternoon, everyone.
**Brandon.robbins**: Good afternoon, Drew.
**David.douglas**: Howdy.
**Rhall**: Good afternoon.
**Blake.robbins**: Okay, I know we're going to be missing a few people today.
**Blake.robbins**: I think this is.
**Ataylor**: Good group to.
**Blake.robbins**: Get started with here.
**Blake.robbins**: I don't know that Hooper is going to be able to join here, but I'll just give a quick update here as far as travel schedule.
**Blake.robbins**: I wanted to let everyone know I will be off the next couple days, but Steve Hooper and Brian Pulford will be on site rest of today, tomorrow, and then traveling Friday.
**Blake.robbins**: So if you need anything, please reach out to them.
**Blake.robbins**: And then next week we'll have OPEX mobilizing.
**Blake.robbins**: So Scott Glaze will be back first thing Monday and then I'll also be on site.
**Blake.robbins**: I'm traveling down next Tuesday to be there 311 to 3 13.
**Blake.robbins**: Major activity on site.
**Blake.robbins**: We still have the Matic putting up uprights.
**Bpulfer**: The.
**Blake.robbins**: The big thing for this week has been the early out cut in.
**Blake.robbins**: So I know we completed the.
**Blake.robbins**: The D mod side yesterday.
**Blake.robbins**: Seemed like everything's up and running well now and they're working on B mod activity right now.
**Blake.robbins**: But I don't.
**Blake.robbins**: I don't see any risk of not completing that by end of day tomorrow.
**Blake.robbins**: Like schedule.
**Blake.robbins**: Like scheduled.
**Blake.robbins**: So.
**Blake.robbins**: Should be in good shape there.
**Blake.robbins**: We have bread on this week.
**Bpulfer**: Yeah.
**David.douglas**: Yep.
**Blake.robbins**: Hey, Brett, the only thing I've got here is.
**Bpulfer**: I know.
**Blake.robbins**: I think Steve Hooper got your PO updated end of last week, early this week.
**Blake.robbins**: Did you get that?
**David.douglas**: Yes.
**David.douglas**: Yes, we did.
**David.douglas**: Yep.
**David.douglas**: Thank you.
**Blake.robbins**: Okay, great.
**Blake.robbins**: Anything else that you need right now?
**Blake.robbins**: Seems like the guys are pretty busy right now on site.
**David.douglas**: Yep.
**David.douglas**: Nope, not on my end.
**David.douglas**: Everything's good.
**David.douglas**: I have no call outs.
**Ataylor**: Great.
**Blake.robbins**: Thanks, Brett.
**Blake.robbins**: You can go ahead and jump to your other call.
**David.douglas**: All right, thank you.
**Blake.robbins**: Okay, we've got Blake and Brandon on a few things.
**Blake.robbins**: I mean, have you heard anything as.
**Blake.robbins**: As far as the early out cut in?
**Blake.robbins**: Any.
**Blake.robbins**: Any risks?
**Blake.robbins**: When I talked to Steve Hooper couple hours ago, he seemed to think it was we'd be in good shape for tomorrow, but.
**Bretton.basford**: Yeah, I.
**Bretton.basford**: I haven't.
**Bretton.basford**: I've talked to him a couple times today, but I haven't heard him about any risk.
**Bretton.basford**: Seems like everything's going fine.
**Blake.robbins**: Okay, my thoughts.
**Blake.robbins**: I want to make sure.
**Blake.robbins**: Empowering panel.
**Bpulfer**: I know.
**Blake.robbins**: Brandon, I think you sent that contact over.
**Blake.robbins**: AJ was going to get a hold of him today.
**Blake.robbins**: He might be in the air right now, so I don't think he's on the call, but he was supposed to be reaching out to him earlier today.
**Blake.robbins**: Next item here is the decant line.
**Blake.robbins**: Steve said electrically I Think we're, we're going to be wrapping that, that conveyor line up Friday.
**Blake.robbins**: And then Jeremy was going to work on getting that up and running when we switched decant over the weekend.
**Blake.robbins**: The team wants to start using that conveyor.
**Blake.robbins**: Have you had any conversation with Jeremy on that line, Blake or Brandon?
**Bretton.basford**: What do you mean?
**Bretton.basford**: They want to start using that conveyor.
**Blake.robbins**: So this line, this line coming off the sorter there, they're just gonna want to use this as a throw on point right here.
**Blake.robbins**: So they can throw product here and use this conveyor as opposed to having to manually stage product behind each one of their stations.
**Blake.robbins**: They just want to start using that conveyor.
**Blake.robbins**: So we're trying to get that turned over to them.
**Rhall**: Okay.
**Bretton.basford**: I wasn't aware of that, but I will talk to him.
**Blake.robbins**: Okay.
**Blake.robbins**: Alto was asking me about updates, if we were going to have that ready for, for next week.
**Blake.robbins**: And I got with Steve Hooper, he was saying electrically, they'll be done Friday.
**Blake.robbins**: And then Jeremy had some stuff he was working on maybe over the weekend to give that to him on Monday, but something we need to track closely because if they can't use that Monday, then we need to let them know to plan for an alternate workaround.
**Rhall**: Okay.
**Bretton.basford**: So as far as HMI goes with that just being a, you know, just throw online, is that going to be important to get done next week?
**Blake.robbins**: No, no.
**Blake.robbins**: I think I view this line more as just a temporary, you know, powered conveyor.
**Blake.robbins**: It's not, not critical to get HMI on this for next week.
**Blake.robbins**: I don't think I'll let them know we're not planning on doing that.
**Bretton.basford**: They will have to go upstairs and start and stop it.
**Bretton.basford**: Okay, that, that's part of that sorter or the CP24, 25 panel, right?
**Ataylor**: Yeah.
**Blake.robbins**: So they're basically just looking to use this line here, Blake, is that fine?
**Blake.robbins**: I mean, are we able to just isolate that line and hand that over to them without running any of this conveyor?
**Bretton.basford**: Yeah, we, I mean, we can make some changes in the PLC to do that.
**Bretton.basford**: But there's no button, no start stop buttons up there, right?
**Bretton.basford**: I can.
**Bretton.basford**: If we have one on site, then, you know, we could temporarily mount one up and have a start stop there, but just to handle that decant conveyor.
**Bretton.basford**: And you don't want the decline running either, right?
**Ataylor**: Correct.
**Rhall**: Good.
**Bretton.basford**: Let me see what we can do.
**Blake.robbins**: Okay.
**Blake.robbins**: I know Steve Hooper's gonna own this one for the next couple days while I'm out.
**Blake.robbins**: So he was going to be keeping Ulta updated on the Status of when that'll be turned over and at what state.
**Blake.robbins**: So if you can make sure you're keeping him up to date when you look into that.
**Bretton.basford**: Yep, I will.
**Austin.liebler**: Hey, Blake, does the estop circuit work or is there an E stop cord on that?
**Bretton.basford**: So we're gonna.
**Bretton.basford**: There is E stops on that.
**Bretton.basford**: We're gonna have to look at that as well to make sure that, you know, something else doesn't keep it from faulting, like row one line, E stop, or anything like that.
**Austin.liebler**: Yeah, we just want that functional.
**Austin.liebler**: Of course, you know, if it's not, we're not gonna let them use it.
**Bretton.basford**: Yeah, it is 24 volt.
**Austin.liebler**: Oh, well, that helps.
**Austin.liebler**: But we want them to know that, you know, if they.
**Bretton.basford**: Yeah.
**Austin.liebler**: I mean, we usually don't care on 24 volt if they use it because we don't feel like it needs E stop.
**Austin.liebler**: But they've been putting these stop circuits on them.
**Bretton.basford**: Yeah, the.
**Bretton.basford**: The newer stuff, they've wanted E stop circuits on it, but.
**Bretton.basford**: Yeah, I understand.
**Kschepers**: Yeah.
**Blake.robbins**: The next thing I just want to go over is the general schedule for, you know, the next couple months here.
**Blake.robbins**: We talked, we mentioned it last week, Blake.
**Blake.robbins**: But that C mod conveyor, the replenishment line into C mod, we want to start using that on 410.
**Blake.robbins**: I know we've already done some work on that replenishment platform, but we'll probably need some controls engineering the building over the next few weeks to get that line coming from the reserve rack and the replan lines into C mod up and running.
**Rhall**: Okay.
**Bretton.basford**: But last time whenever I was on site, they didn't want that system being ran until it was cleaned.
**Bretton.basford**: Any of those conveyors being ran, has it been cleaned yet?
**Blake.robbins**: No.
**Blake.robbins**: We'll get it clean next week, though.
**Rhall**: Okay.
**Blake.robbins**: I just got a quote here in the last few days to get everything cleaned up over there, and it's going to take them a few days, so.
**Rhall**: Okay.
**Blake.robbins**: And then, you know, at that point, 4, 10, it's just the C mod replan.
**Blake.robbins**: And on 5, 7, we'll.
**Blake.robbins**: We'll start doing the static routing with the empty totes in the bnd.
**Blake.robbins**: I know we.
**Blake.robbins**: We've talked about that a little bit.
**Blake.robbins**: Not in a while.
**Blake.robbins**: We were thinking about manually inducting totes into that spiral for the OPEX outbound.
**Blake.robbins**: Blake.
**Blake.robbins**: But we wanted to switch gears and use.
**Blake.robbins**: Use the incline over here coming from pts.
**Rhall**: Okay.
**Bpulfer**: That.
**Bretton.basford**: That's the normal line that it comes on right in the end.
**Rhall**: Right.
**Rhall**: Okay.
**Bpulfer**: So.
**Bretton.basford**: With the stuff going into seam, you know, the totes, they all have a T label on them.
**Bretton.basford**: You know, that's.
**Bretton.basford**: No, nothing hard at all.
**Bretton.basford**: But the replenishment cartons, are they going to do that same M1, M2, M3 and 4 through 6 static routing like we did at Greenwood?
**Blake.robbins**: Yeah, that's the plan.
**Rhall**: Okay.
**Blake.robbins**: It was M1 through 6.
**Blake.robbins**: I.
**Blake.robbins**: I know we.
**Blake.robbins**: We've talked about needing to use those labels.
**Blake.robbins**: I just don't.
**Blake.robbins**: I'm not familiar with the details of how it was done with Greenwood.
**Bretton.basford**: Yeah.
**Bretton.basford**: They.
**Bretton.basford**: They wanted to split each level up into two zones.
**Ataylor**: Gotcha.
**Bretton.basford**: So M1 and 2 went on the first level.
**Bretton.basford**: 3, 4 went on the second.
**Bretton.basford**: And then 5 and 6 went on the third.
**Ataylor**: Makes sense.
**Blake.robbins**: But you don't.
**Blake.robbins**: You know, you don't see any risk in these dates, do you?
**Rhall**: No.
**Blake.robbins**: I know we had some controls engineers there two years ago working on that replan platform.
**Blake.robbins**: I would imagine we still have to redo a lot of that stuff, but we've still got, you know, over a month.
**Bretton.basford**: It needs to be checked.
**Bretton.basford**: It needs to be checked out to make sure everything is good.
**Bretton.basford**: Whenever we left originally the sorter and platform was done.
**Bretton.basford**: But we didn't have any.
**Bretton.basford**: Any like spur takeaways at all, so.
**Ataylor**: Right.
**Bretton.basford**: You know that.
**Bretton.basford**: That stuff's all gotta still be done.
**Bretton.basford**: All the takeaway does.
**Blake.robbins**: Yeah.
**Blake.robbins**: They should be about wrapped up with just the mechanical install of those takeaways into C mod right now.
**Blake.robbins**: I don't know that Cody has started wiring.
**Blake.robbins**: I think he's been doing other stuff.
**Ataylor**: But.
**Blake.robbins**: I think we should be fine with that.
**Bretton.basford**: His focus has been early out in decant.
**Ataylor**: Right.
**Blake.robbins**: Okay.
**Blake.robbins**: Anything else familiar?
**Kschepers**: I.
**Blake.robbins**: Then.
**Bretton.basford**: I don't have anything.
**Blake.robbins**: Thank you.
**Blake.robbins**: David Douglas.
**Blake.robbins**: I believe we got that B deck earlier this week.
**Blake.robbins**: So I think we should be good until we.
**Blake.robbins**: We start shipping that thematic multi shuttle platform on 417.
**Blake.robbins**: I don't have anything else for you at this point.
**Ataylor**: So.
**Brandon.robbins**: Yeah, I think.
**Brandon.robbins**: I think you're good.
**Brandon.robbins**: And you got the B deck for both of those platforms.
**Brandon.robbins**: You know, for trucking.
**Brandon.robbins**: We just saved it.
**Brandon.robbins**: And then we'll get the other steel out to you and life will be good.
**Brandon.robbins**: You have all the drawings.
**Brandon.robbins**: So at this juncture everything's good.
**Brandon.robbins**: Just please keep in mind that if anything when your team is working, they have any questions, have them reach out.
**Brandon.robbins**: And would you have any objection for us to send in one of our field PMs just to answer questions or just check in on things.
**Brandon.robbins**: Probably the week of April 21st.
**Blake.robbins**: That'll be fun.
**Brandon.robbins**: Okay.
**Brandon.robbins**: Very good.
**Brandon.robbins**: That's all I have thank you.
**Bpulfer**: Great.
**Blake.robbins**: Thank you.
**Blake.robbins**: And then I'll catch up with you here in a few weeks around that platform.
**Blake.robbins**: But as long as we're holding true to that 417 date, I don't think you'll need to join over the next few weeks.
**Brandon.robbins**: Yeah, we are holding true to that.
**Brandon.robbins**: We can, we're all done.
**Brandon.robbins**: 100 package ready to go.
**Brandon.robbins**: If something happens that you'd like it sooner.
**Brandon.robbins**: We can do that.
**Brandon.robbins**: Something happens, you need to move it out.
**Brandon.robbins**: We can do that as well.
**Bpulfer**: Great.
**Blake.robbins**: Thanks, David.
**Brandon.robbins**: Okay.
**Brandon.robbins**: You're welcome.
**Brandon.robbins**: I'm going to jump, if that's okay.
**Blake.robbins**: Yep.
**Brandon.robbins**: Thank you.
**Bpulfer**: Bye.
**Blake.robbins**: And nobody on from hytrol this week.
**Blake.robbins**: AJ's in the air.
**Blake.robbins**: No Austin either.
**Blake.robbins**: Jennifer, I just have a few things here.
**Blake.robbins**: Obviously we're mobilizing next week, so I wanted to go over that timeline a little bit.
**Blake.robbins**: Is it 3:10 or 3:11 that you'll have the crew show up?
**Jthiel**: 3:11 actually Tuesday.
**Blake.robbins**: Okay.
**Blake.robbins**: I'm gonna set up a safety training.
**Blake.robbins**: Is 8am okay, Justin?
**Jthiel**: If you want.
**Shooper**: Yeah, yeah, I mean that should be fine.
**Kschepers**: Our team will, our team will arrive at 7am So I mean if they want to conduct it at 7:30.
**Kschepers**: I don't know how long it'll take our team to, to get badged in there at the, the front desk, but I mean we, we'd be willing to just go ahead and go right into it.
**Blake.robbins**: Yeah, I'd like to do it earlier, but we don't have our alta contact there until 8:00 usually, so.
**Blake.robbins**: Okay, I have to leave it there.
**Blake.robbins**: Delivery schedule for next week.
**Blake.robbins**: ULTA is requesting.
**Blake.robbins**: We're having a lot of materials start to show up on site here, so they want a account of how many trucks we expect to have each day.
**Jthiel**: Okay, I can email it to you after this meeting.
**Blake.robbins**: And then we've got a couple other open items here.
**Blake.robbins**: The rtu, we've had a.
**Blake.robbins**: We had a call Tuesday with Ulta.
**Blake.robbins**: They're still waiting to get, you know, gather information and go over all of their options here.
**Blake.robbins**: It seems like they might be needing to move that.
**Blake.robbins**: Jennifer, I know you were looking into taking another stab at seeing if there's anything on the OPEC side to avoid moving that unit.
**Jthiel**: Yeah, we actually have a meeting in 15 minutes.
**Jthiel**: Internally, there's not a lot we can do to our design.
**Jthiel**: And this is just off the cuff.
**Jthiel**: We have not met obviously yet, but me and Justin were talking.
**Jthiel**: Unless we don't install that last aisle and give you a chance to move it and then have to redeploy you know, there'll be a cost for that, of course, but we have to ship our material now.
**Jthiel**: That's me just saying that without talking to others yet, but only to give you a chance to move it because we can't redesign the machine at this point, obviously.
**Blake.robbins**: I gave all to that date that we talked about last and last week's called 4.
**Blake.robbins**: 4.
**Blake.robbins**: When they start installing that fourth aisle that if absolutely necessary.
**Blake.robbins**: And I mean, at this point it doesn't seem like they'll.
**Blake.robbins**: They'll be moving that unit here in the next week or so, but they might be able to do it before that or they should be able to do it before four.
**Blake.robbins**: Four is what they're thinking.
**Ataylor**: But.
**Jthiel**: Okay, well, that's.
**Blake.robbins**: Like I said, I'll get some more information Friday.
**Jthiel**: Yeah, any, any information you have.
**Jthiel**: That'd be great.
**Jthiel**: We'll take it in.
**Ataylor**: Okay.
**Blake.robbins**: And then Vincent sent me a note that he wasn't gonna be able to join, but he did send this comment with the, the WI FI scan.
**Blake.robbins**: There was an email today that we'll need to reschedule that 3:11 wise by test that we had originally planned on doing.
**Blake.robbins**: Justin, I wasn't sure if you were on that email chain or not.
**Shooper**: Yeah, I saw that.
**Shooper**: That's not going to impact me.
**Shooper**: Really.
**Kschepers**: You know, I'm still scheduled to be there for the installation start.
**Kschepers**: I can't recall the exact date when they're.
**Kschepers**: I'll call it that blackout period when it sounded like they're not going to let any changes to their access points be made.
**Kschepers**: So we'll just target to run that scan at a later date.
**Kschepers**: I'll.
**Kschepers**: I'll be back on site throughout the installation.
**Kschepers**: So there should be another opportunity for me to, to be able to conduct that scan.
**Kschepers**: And I would assume that we'll just try to confirm that they've made some adjustments prior to the rescan.
**Blake.robbins**: Yeah.
**Blake.robbins**: Vincent, is that something you're taking back?
**Blake.robbins**: I think it's Angus that you're working with.
**Jtipton**: Yeah, yeah, absolutely.
**Jtipton**: Yeah, they, they wanted us to reschedule so, you know, once we're out of March and then going into April, go live or.
**Jtipton**: I'm sorry, you know, once we're into April, then I think that opens up for them to make the update sometime next month for the WI FI update.
**Jtipton**: But is there a return trip or some kind of.
**Jtipton**: I guess.
**Jtipton**: Are there trips planned in April from Justin already on the calendar that maybe we can leverage for that?
**Shooper**: Not quite on the calendar yet.
**Shooper**: We will have a team, I think.
**Kschepers**: Let me see if you'll let me look at the.
**Kschepers**: I don't have any travel scheduled.
**Shooper**: I was eyeing the week of the.
**Kschepers**: 7Th or the week of the 14th.
**Shooper**: To be back on site.
**Kschepers**: Nothing set in stone yet though.
**Jtipton**: Okay.
**Kschepers**: And that's as far as April.
**Kschepers**: And then I would be back around.
**Kschepers**: I think I'm going to come back around the end of March as well.
**Kschepers**: But again those, those aren't solidified yet.
**Jtipton**: Okay.
**Jtipton**: No, that's, that's good to know from a planning perspective.
**Jtipton**: I'll get a new date from Angus at Ulta and let you know as soon as I, I hear something.
**Jtipton**: It just has to do with their, their big sale that they're having and they wanted to kind of avoid any disruption to that.
**Jtipton**: So that's all.
**Jtipton**: Thanks for your flexibility.
**Blake.robbins**: At what point do we need these changes to be made?
**Blake.robbins**: I know when we start testing it's needed, but we have a rough date there.
**Jtipton**: When will the bots stuff like, like, I guess when will we have most of like the bots running and like, you know, the aisles kind of like stood up and all that.
**Jtipton**: Yeah.
**Kschepers**: So we do plan to start commissioning.
**Kschepers**: I think in the schedule it's around 22nd.
**Kschepers**: So April 22nd, we would start inducting iBots into aisle one and potentially aisle two that week.
**Kschepers**: So the week of the 21st.
**Kschepers**: So yeah, I mean I think it would be a good idea to get this cleared up before then.
**Kschepers**: I can have some conversation internally though and if there's, if there's a drop dead date, you know that, that we would say that it has to be cleared up by.
**Kschepers**: For us to not have any interferences when bringing up the aisles or tote loading.
**Ataylor**: Yeah.
**Blake.robbins**: Vincent, let's go off this 422D sounds okay then.
**Blake.robbins**: Justin, Jennifer, anything else you need?
**Jthiel**: I think that covers it.
**Blake.robbins**: I'm good.
**Blake.robbins**: I'll let you know about that safety training then before the end of the week.
**Kschepers**: That sounds good.
**Blake.robbins**: Tuesday morning.
**Kschepers**: Do you need an updated list of everybody that's going to be on site from the OPEX team?
**Blake.robbins**: As long as it hasn't changed.
**Blake.robbins**: I think you've done it over a week and a half ago.
**Kschepers**: I did.
**Kschepers**: It's changed slightly.
**Kschepers**: We've.
**Kschepers**: We've removed one, added one.
**Kschepers**: And then I got the contract labor provider that we, we typically use.
**Kschepers**: I've got those names as well.
**Kschepers**: So I'll get that updated and send it to you tomorrow.
**Kschepers**: I'm, I'm traveling this afternoon, so.
**Blake.robbins**: Sounds good.
**Blake.robbins**: Okay, thanks Justin.
**Blake.robbins**: Jennifer Curtin.
**Blake.robbins**: Dustin, thanks for hanging around there.
**Blake.robbins**: Only thing I have here is, you know, remobilization on 513 is when we're scheduled to start.
**Blake.robbins**: That the CD connection?
**Blake.robbins**: It hasn't changed since the last dates that I've sent over to you.
**Bretton.basford**: Okay, copy that.
**David.douglas**: Thank you.
**Blake.robbins**: And then I'll make sure I get that that change order over to you for the taking.
**Blake.robbins**: The rack outside.
**Blake.robbins**: Appreciate it.
**Blake.robbins**: Anything you need.
**Kschepers**: I don't have anything at this time.
**Ataylor**: Great.
**Blake.robbins**: Okay.
**Blake.robbins**: Anyone have anything before we go then?
**Blake.robbins**: Sounds good.
**Blake.robbins**: Thanks, everyone.
**Jthiel**: Thank you.
**Blake.robbins**: Thank you.
**Jtipton**: Thanks, Drew.