# Huddle
**Meeting ID**: 01K1DJS1V0D97B9RFERVYFP9HA
**Date**: 2025-07-30
**Duration**: 11.920000076293945 minutes
**Transcript**: [View Transcript](https://app.fireflies.ai/view/01K1DJS1V0D97B9RFERVYFP9HA)
**Participants**: ahuettl@alleatogroup.com, jdawson@alleatogroup.com, bclymer@alleatogroup.com

## Transcript
**Ahuettl**: Much.
**Ahuettl**: How's it going?
**Ahuettl**: Good.
**Jdawson**: Alex.
**Jdawson**: We're supposed to have a meeting at apply at 8, so I just told him to go to it.
**Ahuettl**: What kind of meeting is it?
**Jdawson**: Just walking with some subs.
**Jdawson**: I'll head out here once you and I are done.
**Ahuettl**: Okay.
**Jdawson**: So I have 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 billings to get out.
**Ahuettl**: Yeah.
**Jdawson**: 7 PSRs and 7 PSRs to do.
**Ahuettl**: Would you leave them for the last day?
**Jdawson**: Huh?
**Ahuettl**: You left them all for the last.
**Jdawson**: I started working a little bit on them yesterday.
**Jdawson**: Getting stuff cleaned up.
**Ahuettl**: Okay.
**Jdawson**: A lot, man.
**Ahuettl**: Do we have POS for all of them or contracts?
**Jdawson**: We do now.
**Jdawson**: Yep.
**Jdawson**: We got a PO for Brownsburg, so.
**Ahuettl**: Good.
**Ahuettl**: What's JP Think about the Martinsville stuff?
**Ahuettl**: Is Kevin.
**Ahuettl**: I know Kevin's sick, so he's working from home today.
**Ahuettl**: He was trying to get some framing numbers or something for.
**Ahuettl**: Good eye.
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Jdawson**: I'm a bit.
**Jdawson**: This.
**Jdawson**: I mean, threatening me.
**Jdawson**: I was like, kevin, if you can't get this done, like, I'm gonna have to, like, drop everything and start calling on people.
**Ahuettl**: Call him in.
**Ahuettl**: I guess I didn't think about.
**Ahuettl**: He should be in these meetings too, since you're working with him on some of these.
**Jdawson**: Yeah, I'll.
**Jdawson**: I'll add them to it for tomorrow morning.
**Jdawson**: But I. I mean, I gotta get.
**Jdawson**: We gotta get him pricing.
**Jdawson**: I'm having a big issue with my fire alarm down in Dallas, so that's kind of my mission one today.
**Ahuettl**: What's wrong with it?
**Jdawson**: Team up.
**Jdawson**: So.
**Ahuettl**: And did what?
**Ahuettl**: Forgot to put in a component.
**Jdawson**: Forgot to put in for a permit.
**Jdawson**: We're supposed to get it installed and programmed by 8 11.
**Jdawson**: So I found that out last night because they've looped me in to a conversation with.
**Jdawson**: I mean, I've been on these guys for a couple months now.
**Jdawson**: All they've had left.
**Jdawson**: All we've had left to do is firearm.
**Jdawson**: So I went back and I started compiling everything in writing.
**Jdawson**: I was like, okay, I. I emailed you, you know, in May and then every other week and then every week and then every day for the last two weeks, I've been saying, hey, where are we at with this?
**Jdawson**: Hey, this needs to be done by this date.
**Jdawson**: And they're like, yeah, we're good to call them on the phone.
**Jdawson**: And they fucked up.
**Jdawson**: Brendan was like, well, in Indiana, 10%, you know, fire alarm, you don't have to pull a permit and all this.
**Jdawson**: And I was like, brennan, this isn't Indiana.
**Jdawson**: So working through that issue, they also didn't.
**Jdawson**: They're just now Telling me yesterday that the breaker is not like we have to get a special breaker to tie in the OPEX system.
**Jdawson**: And I'm like, dude, you guys, everything is hinging on us getting this done at this point.
**Jdawson**: I'm like, really?
**Jdawson**: Job was going so well, not one issue.
**Jdawson**: And I already have my breaker going for eight, six.
**Jdawson**: And then.
**Jdawson**: And then I was going to call in the building final and we were going to be done.
**Jdawson**: But we have to get this fire alarm tight end and one of the guys won't do it without pulling a permit.
**Jdawson**: One of the contractors I talked to, I was like.
**Ahuettl**: Damn, can you expedite a permit there?
**Jdawson**: Hell no.
**Jdawson**: Not in Dallas.
**Jdawson**: Nope.
**Jdawson**: Tried it.
**Jdawson**: So my.
**Jdawson**: My solution is tie in the rise and that's that.
**Jdawson**: Then we'll pull a permit for the OPEX and the domatic they want us to do and hope that that's not critical to them giving us our.
**Jdawson**: Our green tag, our temp siva.
**Jdawson**: So I won't be sleeping until get it figured out.
**Ahuettl**: So you're.
**Ahuettl**: They're ready to put this thing online and you don't have a breaker to power it up?
**Ahuettl**: Number one.
**Jdawson**: No, the breaker's powered.
**Jdawson**: So.
**Jdawson**: So the way the opec, they want to have the OPEX ASRs system, the robots tied into the fire alarm so when the fire alarm goes off, they stop moving.
**Jdawson**: Right.
**Ahuettl**: There's no required issue, or is that simply a request?
**Jdawson**: I started looking in the code.
**Jdawson**: I can't find it.
**Jdawson**: Brandon seems to think it's a code.
**Jdawson**: I trust what Brandon says, so I know we didn't tie in.
**Jdawson**: OPEX in.
**Jdawson**: I think it's a gray area because we didn't.
**Ahuettl**: Code thing.
**Jdawson**: It's just that most ASJs require it.
**Jdawson**: Okay.
**Jdawson**: But it's not like an official.
**Jdawson**: That makes me feel better.
**Jdawson**: Yeah, yeah.
**Jdawson**: I mean, there's.
**Jdawson**: There's no.
**Jdawson**: Because it's just not.
**Jdawson**: It's not addressed.
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Jdawson**: Like, it's.
**Jdawson**: But.
**Jdawson**: But most ASJs at, you know, are going to require it.
**Jdawson**: But it's fully sprinkled.
**Ahuettl**: So.
**Jdawson**: Definitely the code is having the.
**Jdawson**: The new riser title.
**Jdawson**: Yeah, that's.
**Jdawson**: So that's like at the least I was like, brennan, tie it in, dude.
**Jdawson**: So that's.
**Jdawson**: That's my solution.
**Jdawson**: And then deal.
**Jdawson**: Deal with the opex.
**Jdawson**: Yeah, get that tight end.
**Jdawson**: And then.
**Jdawson**: And.
**Jdawson**: But Jesse.
**Jdawson**: So they don't have in these control panels for opex.
**Jdawson**: You don't like land wires like in all the other ASRs systems.
**Jdawson**: So we have to put a relay on.
**Jdawson**: And I've never done this before on like the breaker.
**Jdawson**: So put a special breaker in there that ties into the fire alarm.
**Jdawson**: So when the fire alarm trips, basically power just goes off to the whole system.
**Jdawson**: And I.
**Jdawson**: What's frustrating.
**Jdawson**: I'm venting now is I.
**Jdawson**: They got all this information from OPEX months ago and sent it to Brennan and he was like, all right, good profile.
**Jdawson**: I don't remember you saying tie into the disconnect.
**Jdawson**: If you can't, I don't know if you can.
**Jdawson**: It's just frustrating because I tried to be urgent early and I'm.
**Jdawson**: Brennan's up.
**Jdawson**: So the next thing is trust would verify.
**Jdawson**: I don't know how to verify that besides him say, yeah, send me a copy of the permit.
**Jdawson**: Well, I didn't know you needed a permit.
**Jdawson**: I mean, that's not, you know, my.
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Ahuettl**: What is the voltage?
**Jdawson**: We have an electrical permit.
**Jdawson**: And that's all like, typically that covers it.
**Jdawson**: Right.
**Ahuettl**: What is the voltage going to this breaker?
**Jdawson**: It's 480, I'm sure.
**Jdawson**: I don't know off the top of my head, Jesse.
**Jdawson**: So we're gonna get the flow switch tied in and I'm gonna keep.
**Jdawson**: Keep on keeping on.
**Jdawson**: It's my only solution.
**Ahuettl**: I mean, instead of a breaker like you can have, if it's the fire alarm system, why can I not just put like a normally open contactor in?
**Ahuettl**: I mean, they sell like every air conditioner in the world has a contactor that just.
**Ahuettl**: It pulls in and then you break the circuit and it drops out.
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Ahuettl**: Slow voltage.
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Jdawson**: Instead of like a certain breaker, put a.
**Jdawson**: Put a.
**Jdawson**: Basically a contact in wherever that main line is going to the.
**Jdawson**: That feeds the four panels.
**Ahuettl**: Yeah.
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Jdawson**: I don't know.
**Ahuettl**: I mean, at least you could have it operational until this breaker.
**Ahuettl**: What's the lead time on the breaker?
**Ahuettl**: Does he even know?
**Jdawson**: He said they both.
**Jdawson**: Him and Juan both said they had it under control.
**Jdawson**: And like I've been saying for the last couple weeks, like we had it slated to be installed and then I find out, you know, 5:30 last night.
**Jdawson**: So it's frustrating and you know, it's.
**Jdawson**: It's us that looks bad if this go live date isn't met.
**Jdawson**: Like what?
**Jdawson**: There's no repercussions on team and Dean has been dropping the ball left and right on every job for us right now besides Avon.
**Jdawson**: They finally pulled through, but even then their communication's been terrible.
**Jdawson**: So it's it's job to manage them.
**Jdawson**: So Buck stops with us.
**Jdawson**: That's why I don't want to before I raise any issues with, with Vargo.
**Jdawson**: I just want to make sure we can get that riser tied in.
**Ahuettl**: Their guy won't do that either without a permit.
**Jdawson**: I'm.
**Jdawson**: I, yeah, I'm.
**Jdawson**: I'm pushing hard to do that without a permit.
**Ahuettl**: Are they submitting a permit today?
**Jdawson**: I don't, I don't want them to.
**Jdawson**: Not if.
**Jdawson**: Because that's going to put a red flag on my, on my permit because it goes under my master permit number.
**Jdawson**: Follow up with me in four hours.
**Ahuettl**: Okay.
**Jdawson**: I'll have, I'll have a solution, hopefully.
**Ahuettl**: All right, we'll see you.
**Jdawson**: That's mission critical one today.
**Jdawson**: Okay.
**Ahuettl**: I'll work on the apps while you waiting for an answer.
**Jdawson**: What'd you say?
**Ahuettl**: You can work on pay apps while you're waiting for an answer.
**Jdawson**: You will by.
**Jdawson**: What is it?
**Jdawson**: By Friday morning and it'll look like I'm a PSR king.
**Jdawson**: All right.
**Ahuettl**: All right, awesome.
**Jdawson**: See you.
**Ahuettl**: Thanks.