# Daily TB
**Meeting ID**: 01K2SZW0RM24DGW3DYMMRXN3M9
**Date**: 2025-08-18
**Duration**: 43.689998626708984 minutes
**Transcript**: [View Transcript](https://app.fireflies.ai/view/01K2SZW0RM24DGW3DYMMRXN3M9)
**Participants**: jdawson@alleatogroup.com

## Transcript
**Jdawson**: This weekend.
**Jdawson**: I don't know if I told you, I got this little invention, boat trailer thing.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah.
**Speaker 1**: You showed me in the printer and.
**Jdawson**: I had painted the rails because I thought it looked better and just bare aluminum.
**Jdawson**: That was a mistake because it wasn't particularly good paint and it's flaking off and look like after get in the salt water.
**Jdawson**: So I spent all weekend I had to, you know, use a.
**Jdawson**: Like a composite brush, wire brush, get rid of the old paint and then sand it down and because I got to get them looking good for photos we're going to take this weekend and.
**Jdawson**: And then you know, sanding it down.
**Jdawson**: Thousand grit, you know, wet sandpaper to finish it off before, you know they make that product.
**Jdawson**: I don't know if it's a chemical change but it makes it turns it into almost like polished aluminum.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah, yeah.
**Jdawson**: But holy, my fingers are just raw.
**Speaker 1**: You got these sanding sponges and.
**Jdawson**: That would have been smart.
**Jdawson**: I don't know why I didn't do that.
**Speaker 1**: You can tint it fairly easy too.
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Jdawson**: Putting the stuff on is easy.
**Jdawson**: Getting to where it's acceptable for that.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah.
**Jdawson**: Took a little bit.
**Jdawson**: So.
**Jdawson**: But working on that outside, it's a little warm here in Florida.
**Jdawson**: It's a good, good workout.
**Jdawson**: Well, how did all the meetings go today?
**Jdawson**: I went and so I met with Brian Andrus, his wife Donna.
**Jdawson**: They're wanting to do these townhomes.
**Speaker 1**: The Roebling.
**Jdawson**: Roebling Homes.
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Jdawson**: So it went well.
**Jdawson**: They're.
**Jdawson**: So there are a couple things they got to do to get the thing going.
**Jdawson**: I think our pricing is fine.
**Jdawson**: It's just we need to.
**Jdawson**: Or they gotta.
**Jdawson**: Now it's zoned as single family and they would have to get a rezone for townhomes multifamily.
**Jdawson**: And there they.
**Jdawson**: You know you can go in for the city and just say hey, I want to do this.
**Jdawson**: But it's like a very tight knit community there.
**Jdawson**: It's not a very big, big town.
**Jdawson**: So they want to get some of the neighbors to give support for it and.
**Jdawson**: And then they can go in and show that everyone else loves it too.
**Jdawson**: So.
**Speaker 1**: So does that push back their projected schedule?
**Jdawson**: Yeah, I mean that'll take a month, maybe two to get that approval.
**Speaker 1**: So.
**Jdawson**: But I tried to push them along a little bit.
**Jdawson**: We got some extra cost and dumpsters on that job.
**Jdawson**: I gotta call the sub and figure out.
**Jdawson**: I mean it was crazy.
**Jdawson**: Like one dumpster.
**Jdawson**: The jdawson tonnage.
**Jdawson**: It's like a thousand dollar charge.
**Speaker 1**: Oh yeah, that's.
**Speaker 1**: Is that the Disposal dumpsters that you guys were talking about last week.
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Jdawson**: So I'm kind of pissed.
**Jdawson**: He could have got.
**Speaker 1**: Sa it sample.
**Jdawson**: Okay.
**Jdawson**: So hopefully I'll push that along.
**Speaker 1**: For that change order for Westfield.
**Speaker 1**: Let me know when you're done.
**Jdawson**: The change order.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah, for Westfield.
**Speaker 1**: So I understand it correctly, what you want to do.
**Speaker 1**: We're just going to go through and identify where Glenn's got fluff money and what items might.
**Speaker 1**: We might be responsible for and just identify that stuff on there with the little quick cost summary for Brandon so he can look through it and allocate where he wants and know what we have.
**Jdawson**: Yeah, I mean, that's the thing, is it'll drive him crazy.
**Jdawson**: It's like Glenn, like, we're talking, and then the more we talk, you know, the more things.
**Jdawson**: It's like we're.
**Jdawson**: It's like it's.
**Jdawson**: He's remembering that we missed this.
**Jdawson**: We got this cost coming up or this.
**Jdawson**: And just for, you know, Mike's benefit, like, we need to have, like, right now, the design's done as far as I know we should be through all the issues.
**Jdawson**: So, like, we need to go to Brandon and say, like, here's all of our liabilities we have currently.
**Jdawson**: Here's what we would like to give to Mike.
**Jdawson**: You know, here's what we absolutely have to.
**Jdawson**: This is our cost for doing all these things.
**Jdawson**: And here's what we would like to.
**Jdawson**: To send as the change order to Mike.
**Jdawson**: And he'll know.
**Jdawson**: I mean, he hasn't been paid by them guys since one payment on his whole job.
**Jdawson**: So it's not like he's going to be wanting to be very charitable.
**Jdawson**: But then again, they're also our partners on paradise, so.
**Speaker 1**: Do you mind if I balance that off you real quick before I send it to Brandon to make sure it's exactly what you intend to send him?
**Speaker 1**: Because I think I know exactly what you.
**Jdawson**: Yeah, absolutely.
**Jdawson**: Like, you've gone through, like, his budget number one.
**Jdawson**: You know, this is.
**Jdawson**: We're showing his unallocated cost.
**Jdawson**: Here's our uncommitted costs that we had in the budget, and here's all the things that we know we gotta buy, purchase, or spend money on.
**Jdawson**: Yep.
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Speaker 1**: Does his mom live in Indianapolis?
**Speaker 1**: So he's not out of town, is he?
**Jdawson**: Yeah, she's down in, I don't know, Indiana that well.
**Jdawson**: Oh, but southern.
**Jdawson**: It's like southern central Indiana, I think.
**Speaker 1**: Oh, so probably not terribly far.
**Jdawson**: Then.
**Speaker 1**: I'm gonna try to get that PSR SOP done this week and Nick just ran into an issue that we're gonna catch up on when he finishes some stuff that is gonna be really good to include on it.
**Jdawson**: And the Bloomington.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah, he ran into some stuff on how things are calculating and transferring.
**Speaker 1**: So he's looking into that and he's going to get back to me probably today.
**Jdawson**: When you say calculating and transferring as far as the budget.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah, as far as the numbers, I don't remember exactly the issue was but he's, he knows what he needs to find so he's going to circle back when he finds it because what we.
**Jdawson**: Put a good amount of extra money in that budget to begin with and you know the unallocated is starting to dwindle.
**Jdawson**: So I am curious like we gotta kind of see where that, like where's all this money going to?
**Jdawson**: Unless, you know, I couldn't really tell just looking at the PSR last month like and it's these little things that you know, I got into it with Jack this morning because you know, I can hear him talking and brand Nick in the next room and I hear, well I guess we'll just have him fix it on tnm.
**Jdawson**: And I'm like what are we talking about here?
**Jdawson**: And electricians went in and put you know, these conduits in for these display cases they got.
**Jdawson**: And you know how they 90 a conduit out bottom of the wall?
**Jdawson**: Well, it's coming out six inches above the floor and we only got a four inch base.
**Jdawson**: But I, I'm looking at a photo.
**Jdawson**: 100% base is done.
**Jdawson**: 100%.
**Jdawson**: The walls are painted and now you just got this giant hole and it's like, you know, I just told him, said Jack, I want you to be a better superintendent but if you're a good superintendent, you've looked at all the submittals, you would know it's 4 inch base.
**Jdawson**: And when you're checking things like I could tell without a tape measure that's not going to cover it.
**Jdawson**: Not wait till they paint the wall, put the base in and they're done.
**Jdawson**: And now we're going to have to repaint the whole wall.
**Jdawson**: You know, it's like a eggshell or whatever solid blue color, you know.
**Jdawson**: And you know, then when I was driving I started thinking about it like wait a minute, they put a, like a display case in front of that.
**Jdawson**: There's at worst case we caulk the hole and paint it.
**Jdawson**: No one's ever going to see it because it goes, it's an ugly ass box on the floor.
**Jdawson**: So it's not a finished product.
**Jdawson**: I said, don't waste your time and money.
**Jdawson**: Patch in the wall.
**Jdawson**: Just fill the hole and just.
**Jdawson**: They're going to stick a cabinet in front of it and don't worry about it.
**Jdawson**: But, you know, and that's what concerns me.
**Jdawson**: Like, I hope they talk to you about those things, because, yeah, if that was out in the middle of the room, we have to fix it, but we shouldn't.
**Jdawson**: Also, he would have had him.
**Jdawson**: He was about to release him to go drywall patching and repainting and all that other shit.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah, he's kind of checked out, I think, so.
**Speaker 1**: He hasn't said anything to me about that.
**Speaker 1**: He did get a hold of me over the weekend and asked if I was available on Sunday, but I was gone because I had that open house here for the realtor.
**Jdawson**: Didn't get an offer?
**Speaker 1**: No, but there was.
**Speaker 1**: She said there was five parties that were very interested.
**Jdawson**: Nice.
**Speaker 1**: So I'm kind of waiting to see if I'll hear anything today.
**Speaker 1**: And then I did talk to Ashley about getting a posting put out there.
**Speaker 1**: I'm assuming we're in immediate need for Indiana for a superintendent.
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Jdawson**: Okay.
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Speaker 1**: Do you want some options for down there, too?
**Jdawson**: Not yet.
**Jdawson**: I mean, we got Camden, who doesn't really have anything to do at this point, so got a little too much.
**Jdawson**: And if we were building homes, we could start these Roebling things right away.
**Jdawson**: But yeah, they're doing townhomes and we're gonna have to.
**Jdawson**: That's gonna take a couple months to get started.
**Jdawson**: Mm.
**Speaker 1**: And it sounds like Port Collective is at a standstill till the fall.
**Speaker 1**: One thing I did over the weekend that I was going to send to you just in a PDF, is I just took a bunch of screenshots of different conex structures that people have made, like, business type stuff.
**Speaker 1**: I don't know if this is something Mike cares to look at to give them some ideas, but there's, like, bleachers made out of Conexes and coffee shops and cafes and staged shit.
**Jdawson**: And where is it from?
**Speaker 1**: I just took screenshots of pictures on, like, Facebook container websites.
**Speaker 1**: I'll just throw it on a PDF and send it to you.
**Speaker 1**: If you want to send it to Mike, you can, but I don't know what kind of ideas he has for that to kind of get him.
**Speaker 1**: Get him thinking on the design and everything.
**Jdawson**: Well, that'd be cool if we could start throwing because, like, nobody knows what we're building there yet.
**Jdawson**: So.
**Jdawson**: Yeah, it would be, because you could even Place some of them on a site plan.
**Jdawson**: It's like put this here and this there.
**Jdawson**: Whatever.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah, so like there's a good one, like these little cafes and let y' all put something together and send this.
**Speaker 1**: What do you think the odds he would switch up the canvas stage cover for something like that?
**Jdawson**: I don't know if that's big enough.
**Jdawson**: But you're just saying make it bigger.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah, make it like stage size.
**Speaker 1**: Because it's an amphitheater shape, it's pitched to the back, and it's just engineered trusses that are holding up that span.
**Speaker 1**: We used to build these all the time in Alaska for equipment.
**Speaker 1**: Like little pop up maintenance shops.
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Jdawson**: No, that's sweet.
**Jdawson**: I've never seen anything like that.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah, I figured that.
**Speaker 1**: I just found some cool.
**Speaker 1**: He's got like these bleachers systems for his volleyball stuff.
**Speaker 1**: So other than that, I'm trying to just catch up now that I can actually think straight without all the pressure in my head.
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Speaker 1**: Those pills have an interesting progression.
**Speaker 1**: They just rip my guts apart.
**Speaker 1**: Started yesterday.
**Jdawson**: Really?
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Jdawson**: So it clears out your head and it transfers all that to your guts.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah, it's.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah, it's quite unique.
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Jdawson**: And I went into 711 Sunday.
**Jdawson**: I don't cook, so I got.
**Jdawson**: They gave you two Red Bulls and you get five free hot wings with.
**Speaker 1**: It from the 7 11?
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Speaker 1**: Oh, he had a bottle of Pepto to go with it.
**Jdawson**: Well, that's what's funny is I go in, I'm checking out and there's this dude in there that I think he was drunk or high or something, but this younger guy and I'm checking out and he said the same thing.
**Jdawson**: Hey, you gonna get a bottle of Pepto with that?
**Jdawson**: And I said, well, no, because I can eat anything and my stomach's never upset.
**Speaker 1**: Oh, here you come.
**Jdawson**: Oh, yeah, that would gross me out.
**Jdawson**: But no, I don't.
**Jdawson**: I can eat anything.
**Jdawson**: It doesn't matter.
**Jdawson**: I never.
**Speaker 1**: Oh, God.
**Jdawson**: I never get an upset stomach.
**Speaker 1**: How'd you make it so long without acid reflux?
**Jdawson**: I don't know.
**Jdawson**: I don't eat as I did.
**Jdawson**: Well, you eat once a day too, so that's not a big thing.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah, I don't eat hardly at all.
**Speaker 1**: I haven't eaten anything yet today.
**Speaker 1**: But I've been drinking a lot of water because it's fucking dry as shit here.
**Speaker 1**: And I went to Lake Pleasant yesterday.
**Speaker 1**: There's nothing really pleasant about Lake Pleasant.
**Speaker 1**: It smells like a stagnant ocean.
**Jdawson**: Is it a lake?
**Speaker 1**: Yeah, I think it's a reservoir, and it's just like rocky slopes going down to a giant water pond.
**Speaker 1**: And people just drive right up to the edge.
**Speaker 1**: And my dog jumped out.
**Speaker 1**: She's looking at me like, you sure you want me jump to the stinky shit?
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Speaker 1**: That smell of decaying, like, crayfish and clams and all that and all the garbage that people leave there.
**Jdawson**: Dogs stink when they get wet no matter what.
**Jdawson**: But throw them in that.
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah.
**Speaker 1**: It was a fun ride home, but I had to be gone three hours open house, and there's not a single tree in that whole park.
**Jdawson**: I kind of.
**Jdawson**: I can't envision a lake where there's nothing but dirt, sand, and then a lake.
**Speaker 1**: Well, it's.
**Speaker 1**: It's so bizarre to me.
**Speaker 1**: Like being from Lake Superior.
**Speaker 1**: It's so strange all that.
**Speaker 1**: How different it is here.
**Speaker 1**: It's a lot like the tundra.
**Speaker 1**: There's just nothing.
**Jdawson**: Hmm.
**Speaker 1**: It's the first time I've been to water since I've been in Arizona.
**Speaker 1**: Like seeing water in Arizona.
**Speaker 1**: And then I got that notions.
**Speaker 1**: Can't really tell how they split up our names because they're just.
**Speaker 1**: It just says Jesse, but I updated Port Collective because that one I know was mine.
**Speaker 1**: But I don't think I had any other notions updates to do.
**Speaker 1**: And then accounting just got my time card set up just a few minutes ago.
**Speaker 1**: They messaged me, so I wasn't.
**Speaker 1**: I didn't have a time card in that system.
**Speaker 1**: Now I do.
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Jdawson**: Because I wonder, like, because as you get more in tune with these jobs, like, do they let you look at all the project, like, expenses that are submitted?
**Jdawson**: Because, like, I still get them where they don't have receipts and they're coded to something that seems a little crazy for what they're buying or there's no.
**Speaker 1**: Descriptions, so I have no idea where I have even go to get access to approve anything like that.
**Jdawson**: Yeah, well, it would have.
**Jdawson**: They'd have to change a setting or something.
**Jdawson**: But I'll talk to Brandon and Maria and see what they think.
**Speaker 1**: Okay.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah.
**Speaker 1**: Because that was one of the questions for Uniqlo.
**Speaker 1**: Kev was waiting to find out is there's some small charges that he didn't know about that probably hit that way through expenses.
**Speaker 1**: And I'm trying to get them to send me all their change orders and subcontracts to start out with before they issue them.
**Jdawson**: Okay.
**Speaker 1**: To try to get some consistency going.
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Speaker 1**: So I don't want to just start firing people because they get something wrong.
**Speaker 1**: But I know that's something Kevin has to work on because he also didn't send me the meeting agenda before he sent it out.
**Speaker 1**: So he's just got to remember to send me stuff before he issues it.
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Jdawson**: Talking about the Uniqlo weekly meeting.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah.
**Jdawson**: Right.
**Speaker 1**: This.
**Speaker 1**: Brandon sent that email about that change order that Kevin forgot to send me and said something.
**Speaker 1**: If you can't figure it out, we need to get rid of them.
**Jdawson**: Yeah, well, that's all.
**Jdawson**: Just gotta get on the team doing things.
**Speaker 1**: I guess repetition is the mother of all skill.
**Speaker 1**: They'll get it eventually.
**Speaker 1**: It's just how long they take.
**Jdawson**: Right.
**Jdawson**: And our patience tolerance.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah, I got quite a bit of that.
**Speaker 1**: So is there anything.
**Speaker 1**: Did you want me to check in with Candon at all to make sure he's okay on what he's trying to pick up, or is that all kind of AJ's world?
**Jdawson**: AJ should be able to handle it.
**Jdawson**: You might talk to Canon and just ask him what.
**Jdawson**: What he's saying is going on or.
**Jdawson**: Yeah, he may not want to say something to A.J.
**Jdawson**: that he'll tell you.
**Jdawson**: So that's good.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah, I'll check in with them.
**Speaker 1**: Because he's probably not sure what he's gonna find when he gets to all that stuff.
**Jdawson**: Yeah, but I would if we got this OAC for Westfield tomorrow.
**Jdawson**: Yeah, that would probably be the most important thing, is to get, you know, what our actual costs and everything else and everything that's out there and have that ready for tomorrow and ready today so Brandon can say yes or no and then get that to them tomorrow.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah, yeah, I got it.
**Speaker 1**: Run through that subcontract with Glenn, too.
**Speaker 1**: Brandon wants to make sure there's warranty language in there.
**Speaker 1**: But some of this stuff, you know, like for submittals, that kind of stuff, we should just put in our boilerplate language, wouldn't you think?
**Speaker 1**: Submittals are due within 10 days of contract execution.
**Jdawson**: Absolutely.
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah.
**Speaker 1**: And the same with warranty stuff.
**Speaker 1**: That should just be boilerplate so they don't have to keep writing it in.
**Jdawson**: All right, so, yeah, we don't have a standard warranty outline that they just sign.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah, because they would furnish something with their O&M's that close out docs that I would think would spell it out.
**Speaker 1**: We just need to have it contractually binding.
**Jdawson**: Mm.
**Speaker 1**: And then those pay apps I sent you Friday, is that all?
**Speaker 1**: Just how job planners spits that stuff out.
**Speaker 1**: Like, mainly the.
**Speaker 1**: The change order summaries, because, man, those things were everywhere.
**Jdawson**: Yeah, that's.
**Jdawson**: That is something.
**Jdawson**: That they're going to call it a bug.
**Jdawson**: But you just need to do those markups.
**Jdawson**: Absolutely.
**Jdawson**: And send it over to that.
**Jdawson**: I don't know, is it Kristen, whoever that lady is a job planner.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah, that job planner lady.
**Jdawson**: And just tell her, hey, these pay apps aren't printing out correctly.
**Speaker 1**: Is it something I could talk through them with, like the formula of how that goes together?
**Jdawson**: I don't think they let us mess with any of that.
**Jdawson**: So they're IT people.
**Jdawson**: Just whatever.
**Jdawson**: Right.
**Jdawson**: To change the program or.
**Jdawson**: I don't know how.
**Jdawson**: I don't know anything about stuff like that works.
**Jdawson**: So are you a programmer?
**Speaker 1**: So you're.
**Speaker 1**: You're lagging it.
**Speaker 1**: You've lagged out through all that.
**Speaker 1**: Your camera went jiggy and your voice went down.
**Jdawson**: Oh, there.
**Jdawson**: Shut the camera off.
**Jdawson**: It usually works better.
**Jdawson**: Yeah, but yeah, I don't know.
**Jdawson**: I would just email that lady.
**Jdawson**: She'll say it's something and some bug in their program and they'll have to fix it.
**Speaker 1**: Okay.
**Jdawson**: All right.
**Speaker 1**: Well, Kev, what's that?
**Jdawson**: Oh, I trying to see here what all you do today.
**Jdawson**: So is anything else come up new in these meetings?
**Speaker 1**: Not this morning, no.
**Speaker 1**: Jack didn't make it to the Bloomington one.
**Speaker 1**: So him and Nick are catching up after on the clearance for the concrete guy to get past that scaffold.
**Speaker 1**: And then the master schedule's got some work that needs to be done on it.
**Speaker 1**: We just need to make sure that everything's getting the attention it needs there so we can have a strong finish on that project.
**Jdawson**: Yep.
**Jdawson**: Yeah, I asked Nick prioritize that those can.
**Jdawson**: Those awnings.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah, he did get in touch with that with that vendor today.
**Jdawson**: Like, we still don't really have a design we need to put blocking anywhere other than that the window got a problem.
**Jdawson**: So.
**Jdawson**: So you're going to get with Jack.
**Jdawson**: He's going to get that schedule fixed and updated.
**Speaker 1**: I think him and Nick are in a meeting right now.
**Speaker 1**: During that.
**Jdawson**: Okay.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah, I'm kind of with.
**Speaker 1**: With Nick.
**Speaker 1**: I just kind of let him do his thing and let me know if he needs backup and then we just go through everything.
**Speaker 1**: So, yeah.
**Speaker 1**: That the schedule should be getting tweaked today.
**Speaker 1**: Nick went through it Friday.
**Speaker 1**: We went through his comments and then he was going to get with Jack and it sounds like right now there's five and a half feet open on that scaffold and Jack's trying to time it.
**Speaker 1**: So I just wanted to make sure that he talked to Nick and they understood that the timing needs to Work out.
**Speaker 1**: They can't just go in and close in that scaffold when the concrete guys, they're trying to get his stuff done.
**Speaker 1**: So they just need to talk to everybody to make sure they're all in the same edge.
**Jdawson**: Right?
**Jdawson**: Well, that's what I told them this morning.
**Jdawson**: I said, you're like, well, they took down the scaffold, and they're not going to charge us for it.
**Jdawson**: I said, but now you had them take down scaffold, but yet you didn't have a coordinate with your concrete guy to take advantage of it.
**Jdawson**: So now they just got to put their scaffold back up for no reason.
**Jdawson**: I'm like, you're.
**Jdawson**: You're burning through your goodwill and your freebies with the sub when you haven't do like that because you haven't fully coordinated or fully had commitments.
**Jdawson**: And it sounds like his concrete guy sucks meeting dates.
**Jdawson**: And he was meeting with him today.
**Jdawson**: I said, get all the back schedules you've had where he's missed the dates because he wants to act like it's an expedited schedule or we're asking him to do something special.
**Jdawson**: No, this is all boils down to you not meeting your dates initially enough.
**Jdawson**: Do you want to argue about that or do we want to look, find a way to get this done?
**Jdawson**: Because that's what we have to do.
**Jdawson**: I said, approach it like that.
**Jdawson**: And.
**Jdawson**: Yeah, I don't know.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah, I think, like I said before, I think he's kind of checked out, but, yeah, I just.
**Speaker 1**: It's just got to stay on top of them and make sure they're coordinating all this stuff because.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah, that.
**Speaker 1**: That concrete guy, he's.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah, he's interesting.
**Speaker 1**: I've talked to him a few times.
**Jdawson**: Yeah, I mean, I'm, you know, I think of myself and, you know, layout is an easy thing to me, and I'm just assuming that Jack knew how to lay stuff out.
**Jdawson**: So I told him to go out and set up some batter boards for those four columns.
**Jdawson**: It's four columns off an existing building.
**Jdawson**: Yeah, no clue.
**Jdawson**: And.
**Jdawson**: And then I'd hear nothing until the day they pour the footers without a damn.
**Jdawson**: The anchor bolts the day after.
**Jdawson**: And I'm like, what the.
**Jdawson**: And this concrete guys.
**Jdawson**: Well, I told them I wasn't going to set the anchor bolts unless a surveyor laid these out.
**Jdawson**: And I'm like, holy.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah, that's a mess.
**Jdawson**: Yeah, it's just.
**Jdawson**: We wasted money on anchor bolts and paying people to drill the anchor bolts in.
**Jdawson**: And.
**Jdawson**: Yeah, like, it's just Drives me a little crazy.
**Jdawson**: But again, I didn't understand his skill set, and I should have, knowing that now.
**Jdawson**: I should have had a surveyor come out there.
**Jdawson**: Or if he'd have told me the week before, this guy won't put these bolts in without a surveyor.
**Jdawson**: Yeah, okay, get a surveyor.
**Jdawson**: But I mean, just to let things happen like that, it seems what happen a lot.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah, that's it.
**Speaker 1**: Now that it's going to be pretty easy to be able to try to catch it.
**Speaker 1**: It's just.
**Speaker 1**: The guy's got to talk to me.
**Jdawson**: Exactly.
**Speaker 1**: Like, if I don't know something's going on, I can't help.
**Jdawson**: Yes.
**Speaker 1**: And waiting is just making it harder.
**Jdawson**: Right.
**Jdawson**: That's why you should start off every one of your meetings with these guys.
**Jdawson**: Is there anybody that has any question about anything?
**Jdawson**: You're certain, uncertain, have questions, like, anything, just tell me.
**Speaker 1**: Oh, yeah.
**Speaker 1**: And I do that.
**Speaker 1**: I call the guys individually and text them, because some of those guys don't want to look like they don't know something in front of the other ones still.
**Speaker 1**: So, yeah, I asked them a lot.
**Speaker 1**: Do you have questions?
**Speaker 1**: Do you understand everything?
**Speaker 1**: Do you have any roadblocks that are holding you up?
**Speaker 1**: All that stuff just to try and get them?
**Speaker 1**: But it's working well because the guys aren't afraid to hit me up individually and say, you know, hey, I don't understand this.
**Speaker 1**: Help me with it.
**Jdawson**: Good.
**Speaker 1**: So, yeah, I just.
**Speaker 1**: It's a little harder with Jack because, like I said, I think he's just kind of floating through.
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Jdawson**: I don't get it.
**Jdawson**: I don't know what.
**Jdawson**: I know.
**Jdawson**: His personal life, his girlfriend, Is she leaving him?
**Jdawson**: Has she left him?
**Jdawson**: Like, I don't know what's going on with that.
**Jdawson**: That's part of it.
**Jdawson**: He told me before he thinks when this job's over, if he goes back to Virginia, she's not coming back out on the road with him.
**Jdawson**: So who knows?
**Speaker 1**: Yeah.
**Speaker 1**: And that has a huge weight on people at work.
**Jdawson**: Right.
**Jdawson**: Especially if they're evil women.
**Jdawson**: She's like, yeah, I'm going home.
**Jdawson**: Your best friend.
**Speaker 1**: There's a such thing as a good woman.
**Speaker 1**: I saw that unicorn YouTube video chart trying to explain it.
**Speaker 1**: They don't seem to exist.
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah, that's.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah.
**Speaker 1**: I mean, I had a guy in Alaska that was showing stuff that looked like his stuff on Craigslist, and he realized his wife was selling all his shit while he was up at work.
**Jdawson**: Oh, no.
**Jdawson**: Yell at him for looking at Craigslist while he's on the Company dying?
**Speaker 1**: No, it was that night.
**Speaker 1**: We were sitting at a bar having dinner, and he was, like, talking about a boat or something.
**Speaker 1**: He's like, oh, this one looks just like mine.
**Speaker 1**: And then he realized it was all his.
**Jdawson**: Oh, my God.
**Speaker 1**: Gambling away all the money is another popular one for wives with guys that live up there.
**Jdawson**: Damn.
**Speaker 1**: But, yeah, that's all I got for today.
**Speaker 1**: I just.
**Speaker 1**: I need to get with Glenn and get that stuff all sorted out so Brandon can have it for tomorrow.
**Jdawson**: Okay, perfect.
**Jdawson**: Perfect.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah.
**Speaker 1**: Hopefully he's gonna be able to put all that stuff.
**Jdawson**: Only if you stand on his neck.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah.
**Speaker 1**: He's got an interesting way of doing things.
**Jdawson**: Well, if I was you, I would.
**Jdawson**: You know, you've gone through his report.
**Jdawson**: You see all these anomalies.
**Jdawson**: I'll call them and just let him tell you everything.
**Jdawson**: Check off the anomalies and say.
**Jdawson**: All right, what about this?
**Speaker 1**: Yeah.
**Jdawson**: Mentioned this one yet.
**Jdawson**: And just.
**Jdawson**: That's it.
**Jdawson**: Just.
**Jdawson**: It's kind of our.
**Jdawson**: One of our last.
**Jdawson**: What do they call that?
**Jdawson**: Draws at the well or something?
**Jdawson**: Like, if we don't cover ourselves in this change order, then I don't see much else in the job that's gonna.
**Jdawson**: You're gonna recover it from.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah.
**Speaker 1**: This is kind of like the last stand for getting a.
**Speaker 1**: All the money shifted around that we need to.
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah, it'll be fine.
**Speaker 1**: I envision it being the same thing that he did with the budget, where he went through and explained what everything was.
**Jdawson**: Okay.
**Jdawson**: So I tried to follow it, but some of it I didn't.
**Speaker 1**: But I just kind of let it happen on the first one because that's an evolution thing.
**Speaker 1**: So when it.
**Speaker 1**: That's kind of how you can tell when it's going to click with them, when they start putting everything on there correctly.
**Jdawson**: Good.
**Speaker 1**: But budgets are kind of seem like a foreign language when you start getting into the details of it with some of the guys.
**Speaker 1**: But luckily, it's not a hard thing to teach.
**Jdawson**: Right.
**Jdawson**: You start off by think of this as your checking account.
**Speaker 1**: Yep.
**Jdawson**: This is your saving account and this is your credit card.
**Speaker 1**: It's just.
**Speaker 1**: It's important for Brandon to know that it's a process.
**Speaker 1**: It's not an instant thing.
**Jdawson**: Yeah.
**Speaker 1**: But it's easy to tell.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah.
**Speaker 1**: Along the way, it'll be easy to tell who's going to figure it out and who's not.
**Jdawson**: Right.
**Speaker 1**: So.
**Jdawson**: The option to become a superintendent on there.
**Jdawson**: Listen, if you don't want to figure money out, here's your career path.
**Speaker 1**: Oh, absolutely.
**Speaker 1**: I think that that's the kind of thing that it's going to ultimately evolve into because you can get really good superintendents out of people that started as PMs and the other way around.
**Jdawson**: Yeah, because they, whatever they hated about the other person, you know, they're not going to do the same thing when they get there.
**Jdawson**: Like the PM that didn't write your contracts in time for you, so everything was late all the time or the superintendent didn't check anything or manage anything and then you lost a bunch of money.
**Jdawson**: So.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah.
**Jdawson**: All right, I'm gonna get.
**Jdawson**: I don't know if you've messaged everybody and said, hey, the weekly or weekly operation meetings coming up, if you haven't updated your activities yet or.
**Jdawson**: I don't know if you want to send that through that operations message.
**Speaker 1**: Oh, I can.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah.
**Speaker 1**: I talked to the guys in individually on that too, but yeah, I'll send a message on there too.
**Jdawson**: Okay.
**Speaker 1**: Yeah, I try to do a lot of hounding individually so the guys know that I'm like actively want to be talking to them all the time.
**Jdawson**: Okay.
**Speaker 1**: So yeah, I'll send that out.
**Jdawson**: That's good.
**Jdawson**: They're not going to think you care as much when you don't sound like you're sick when you call them all the time.
**Speaker 1**: But yeah, yeah, I don't want to feel like that ever again.
**Speaker 1**: And then.
**Speaker 1**: Oh shit, I got this Panatoni meeting in eight minutes.
**Speaker 1**: I forgot about that.
**Jdawson**: What is that?
**Speaker 1**: Some TI project out and I think St. Louis or Pennsylvania or something.
**Speaker 1**: I think it's a sprinkler project.
**Speaker 1**: We've only had one very high level meeting a few weeks ago and then they canceled up until this one.
**Speaker 1**: So I was kind of surprised they didn't cancel this one too.
**Jdawson**: Okay, who's all in that one?
**Jdawson**: Keba and.
**Speaker 1**: Alec.
**Speaker 1**: Oh, it's just Alec and Brandon for now and me.
**Jdawson**: Okay, cool.
**Jdawson**: Well good luck on that.
**Speaker 1**: You completely cut out right there.
**Jdawson**: Oh, I said, well, good luck on that meeting and we'll talk here at 3:30.
**Speaker 1**: Thanks man.
**Speaker 1**: See you.